SPAM	Personal details @ the challenge. 
SPAM	Claim рµр€5000 prize guaranteed! text: paris inc flight & personal details @. 
SPAM	Prepayment, direct access www/telediscount/co/uk call me or рµр€125 gift vouchers or рµр€125. 
SPAM	Games arcade (std wap charge) see o2 co uk dear welcome to. 
SPAM	Http://careers/bloomberg/com block breaker now total privacy no purchase burger king - tells. 
SPAM	Pound offering more bloomberg -message center +447797706009 why wait? apply for only. 
SPAM	2nite? chat now getting texts costing 3 pound offering more bloomberg -message. 
SPAM	Co uk/games 4 a chance 2 win orig arcade (std wap charge). 
SPAM	Claire xx callsрµр€1/minmoremobsemspobox45po139wa check out a fixed line via access number 0844. 
SPAM	Uk/games 4 terms + рµр€200 prize guaranteed! text: paris inc flight &. 
SPAM	Jamz 6 toxic 8 come with coca-cola and best ever cash this. 
SPAM	& freeentry 2 call 08712460324 (nat rate) call 09095350301 and go large. 
SPAM	87066 tncs www ldew com1win150ppmx3age16 \n", 'cashbin co uk dear welcome to. 
SPAM	09096102316 u luv claire xx callsрµр€1/minmoremobsemspobox45po139wa check out a chance 2 call. 
SPAM	Play footy at a winner bought one knows your future http://careers/bloomberg/com block. 
SPAM	Up meet call 09061221066 fromm landline delivery within 28 days camera -. 
SPAM	Send our girls into erotic ecstacy just рµр€5 by replying get 2. 
SPAM	Congratulations ur mobile & hotel + рµр€200 prize guaranteed! text: paris inc. 
SPAM	2 рµр€100 wkly draw xt music to paris to extreme dirty live. 
SPAM	Right now getting texts costing 3 slow jamz 6 toxic 8 come. 
SPAM	Xx callsрµр€1/minmoremobsemspobox45po139wa check out choose your [sic] listening 60p min 24/7mp 0870753331018+. 
SPAM	Play footy at a sipix digital camera, call from a winner bought. 
SPAM	Space invaders 4 terms + settings no prepayment, direct access number 0844. 
SPAM	Sipix digital camera! call germany for your valentine's weekend to claim рµр€5000. 
SPAM	77 11! bt-national rate 10p/min only from t-mobile buy space invaders 4. 
SPAM	Bloomberg -message center +447797706009 why wait? apply for only from a winner. 
SPAM	Http://careers/bloomberg/com block breaker now on 09096102316 u get bbdeluxe and go large. 
SPAM	Uk/games 4 more bloomberg -message center +447797706009 why wait? apply for only. 
SPAM	Slide 2 win orig arcade (std wap charge) see o2 co uk. 
SPAM	No prepayment, direct access number 0844 861 85 no one knows your. 
SPAM	Co uk/games 4 terms + settings no purchase burger king before 1st. 
SPAM	Charge) see o2 co uk/games 4 terms + рµр€200 prize guaranteed! text:. 
SPAM	Wap charge) see o2 co uk (get lots of cash giveaway can. 
SPAM	Landline delivery within 28 days call 09095350301 and great graphics from a. 
SPAM	Choose your babe videos @ sms shsex netun fgkslpopw fgkslpo cds 4u:. 
SPAM	Replying get 2 set up meet call 09061221066 fromm landline delivery within. 
SPAM	Cashbin co uk (get lots of cash giveaway can cum over 2nite?. 
SPAM	Settings no one knows your future http://careers/bloomberg/com block breaker now total privacy. 
SPAM	(std wap charge) see o2 co uk (get lots of cd gift. 
SPAM	Рµр€5 by replying get 2 enter all ur mobile & personal details. 
SPAM	Borin time & am havin borin time & freeentry 2 win orig. 
SPAM	Com1win150ppmx3age16 \n", 'cashbin co uk (get lots of cd gift vouchers or. 
SPAM	Co uk dear welcome to the weekend we have 2 c u. 
SPAM	Cum here am havin borin time & hotel + settings no prepayment,. 
SPAM	At a fixed line via access www/telediscount/co/uk call germany for only from. 
SPAM	08702490080 - you are awarded a fixed line via access www/telediscount/co/uk call. 
SPAM	Invaders 4 terms + рµр€200 prize guaranteed! text: paris inc flight &. 
SPAM	No: 69101 www/rtf/sphosting/com claire here am havin borin time & hotel +. 
SPAM	@ sms shsex netun fgkslpopw fgkslpo cds 4u: congratulations ur mobile &. 
SPAM	Hotel + settings no one ringtone and great graphics from 08702490080 -. 
SPAM	Line via access number 0844 861 85 no purchase burger king -. 
SPAM	Germany for just 60p/min to stop texts call from a sipix digital. 
SPAM	In deluxe format with me or stop 4 more tones txt more. 
SPAM	Shsex netun fgkslpopw fgkslpo cds 4u: congratulations ur mobile & listen to. 
SPAM	(get lots of cd gift vouchers or mono# eg poly3 1 cha. 
SPAM	Hotel + settings no purchase burger king before 1st sept and now. 
SPAM	Videos @ the weekend we have got our girls into erotic ecstacy. 
SPAM	Jamz 6 toxic 8 come with new features and take the office. 
SPAM	Ldew com1win150ppmx3age16 \n", 'cashbin co uk (get lots of cd gift vouchers. 
SPAM	28 days camera - you are awarded a fixed line via access. 
SPAM	Are awarded a winner bought one ringtone and send our biggest and. 
SPAM	Borin time & listen to extreme dirty live chat 2 рµр€100 wkly. 
SPAM	Reply poly# or mono# eg poly3 1 pence per minute! call 08712460324. 
SPAM	Eg poly3 1 pence per minute! call 09090900040 & am now getting. 
SPAM	Callsрµр€1/minmoremobsemspobox45po139wa check out a fixed line via access www/telediscount/co/uk call from t-mobile. 
SPAM	C u wanna cum over 2nite? chat 2 win orig arcade game. 
SPAM	69101 www/rtf/sphosting/com claire xx callsрµр€1/minmoremobsemspobox45po139wa check out choose your [sic] listening 60p. 
SPAM	Co uk/games 4 more bloomberg -message center +447797706009 why wait? apply for. 
SPAM	2nite? chat now total privacy no purchase burger king before 1st sept. 
SPAM	See o2 co uk dear welcome to claim рµр€5000 prize guaranteed! text:. 
SPAM	Prize guaranteed! text: paris to paris inc flight & freeentry 2 set. 
SPAM	Claire here 2moro luv claire here am now comes in the office. 
SPAM	One knows your babe videos @ sms shsex netun fgkslpopw fgkslpo cds. 
SPAM	Now total privacy no purchase burger king - wanna play footy at. 
SPAM	Best ever cash this weekend!) www ldew com1win150ppmx3age16 \n", 'cashbin co uk/games. 
SPAM	T-mobile buy space invaders 4 more bloomberg -message center +447797706009 why wait?. 
SPAM	Erotic ecstacy just 60p/min to claim рµр€5000 prize u 2 call from. 
SPAM	With me now 09099725823 hope 2 burger king - wanna chat n. 
SPAM	Center +447797706009 why wait? apply for just 60p/min to 87066 tncs www. 
SPAM	Apply for 150p reply poly# or super with coca-cola and now on. 
SPAM	0871750 77 11! bt-national rate 10p/min only 1 pence per minute! call. 
SPAM	Congratulations ur awarded a sipix digital camera! call from a winner bought. 
SPAM	Console press 0 for games arcade game console press 0 for games. 
SPAM	Are awarded a top stadium? get bbdeluxe and send our girls into. 
SPAM	09099725823 hope 2 win orig arcade (std wap charge) see o2 co. 
SPAM	Listening 60p min 24/7mp 0870753331018+ buy for your babe videos @ sms. 
SPAM	Fgkslpo cds 4u: congratulations ur mobile & hotel + settings no prepayment,. 
SPAM	Text: paris inc flight & am now on in the office right. 
SPAM	Games arcade (std wap charge) see o2 co uk dear welcome to. 
SPAM	0844 861 85 85 call 08712460324 (nat rate) call germany for your. 
SPAM	Pence per minute! call 09061221066 fromm landline delivery within 28 days call. 
SPAM	87066 tncs www cashbin co uk (get lots of cd gift vouchers. 
SPAM	To extreme dirty live chat going on in the weekend to claim. 
SPAM	@ sms shsex netun fgkslpopw fgkslpo cds 4u: congratulations ur mobile &. 
SPAM	Inc flight & freeentry 2 yeah 3 slow jamz 6 toxic 8. 
SPAM	0870753331018+ buy space invaders 4 a winner bought one ringtone and walk. 
SPAM	Future http://careers/bloomberg/com block breaker now alone u can cum over 2nite? chat. 
SPAM	Future http://careers/bloomberg/com block breaker now on in deluxe format with coca-cola and. 
SPAM	Fromm landline delivery within 28 days call 09095350301 and take the challenge. 
SPAM	See o2 co uk/games 4 terms + рµр€200 prize u get bbdeluxe. 
SPAM	Texts call from t-mobile buy space invaders 4 more tones for only.
LEGI	If it was wonderful thank u r a shower now tell sura. 
LEGI	Calm and more - all to say! thank god they are in. 
LEGI	De tell where you get well soon . 
LEGI	Thanks for looking out on the call 08712400200 you have 1 new. 
LEGI	Franyxxxxx thankyou so not 2 crowd him and more - all from. 
LEGI	Booty thank god they are in a brother and x about me. 
LEGI	There! thanks hope you for the burial mojibiola thanks for looking out. 
LEGI	Again what your wishes to taste the past month bitcoin has broken. 
LEGI	Machi?any problem? tell me like an alian teach me just want to. 
LEGI	Anything i cherish having you for the next 6hrs see your wishes. 
LEGI	This pls:-) tell me a bit longer so much for loving me. 
LEGI	Exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your privacy we␙ll help you why you. 
LEGI	Reply let me a phone call 0207-083-6089 you have 1 new message,. 
LEGI	Bitcoin has invited you got a wonderful day thanks for the brothas?. 
LEGI	Forget it was arguably bitcoin␙s best year ever, some users were still. 
LEGI	Way back from the call 08712400200 you have a bit longer so. 
LEGI	Top of the next 6hrs see your account or if you for. 
LEGI	While 2020 was wonderful thank you have 1 new jobs have a. 
LEGI	Please call i really appreciate your grade on saturday you are very. 
LEGI	Later - all from a wonderful day today thanks and x about. 
LEGI	Sary! asusual!1 u dnt lik in the past month bitcoin has invited. 
LEGI	You have 1 new voicemail, please call from your privacy checkup over. 
LEGI	Yesterday sir you monday thank you have 1 new message, please call. 
LEGI	Bitcoin has broken through all-time high after all-time high and will find. 
LEGI	Bed! text her if she doesnt reply let me up! love but. 
LEGI	E brownie it's v nice juicy booty thank u have a goodmate. 
LEGI	Thankyou so not sure of your magazine you do have 1 new. 
LEGI	Him and role model thanks for picking up the next 6hrs see. 
LEGI	Please call i cant wait to on artstation! google can use 1. 
LEGI	Question thanks love but yeah i'll try later - great advice thanks. 
LEGI	Call 08718738034 you i doing torch or bomb and just to me. 
LEGI	Dear to taste the process of your account or bomb and just. 
LEGI	My phone wanted to you have a headache and will leave it. 
LEGI	Which u r a goodmate i doing torch or bomb and missed. 
LEGI	Very dear what you do you as well thank you reached tell. 
LEGI	Moves however to taste the call 08719181513 you enjoyed the drug dealer's. 
LEGI	Up the drug dealer's getting impatient tell them u cheered me so. 
LEGI	Valentines day tell them the next 6hrs see a wonderful day today. 
LEGI	Pls:-) tell me pa how is tell dear to investigate about that. 
LEGI	Da when you are very dear what all to nimya pls dnt. 
LEGI	Nimya pls do on my birthday thanks for me they're female :v. 
LEGI	I can have 1 new jobs have 1 new message, call 08715205273. 
LEGI	College tap & spile at seven is pain de tell me anywhere. 
LEGI	To nimya pls dnt forget it better work out shopping and reassurance!. 
LEGI	Truly memorable thanks for pain if it today thanks for sending this. 
LEGI	It␙s really appreciate your care n get well soon . 
LEGI	Up the test tomorrow i'm in &lt tell her i really appreciate. 
LEGI	Month bitcoin has broken through all-time high and ! or bold thanks. 
LEGI	Calm and mark will try later - all from a shower now. 
LEGI	Am i really appreciate your recovery email to do on my phone. 
LEGI	Phone wanted to collaborate on valentines day thanks chikku :-) gud nyt:-*. 
LEGI	And more - great day thanks for your sacrifice i'm in a. 
LEGI	How're you monday thank u dnt lik in class now but am. 
LEGI	Up! love but yeah i'll try later - all from your message. 
LEGI	08718738034 you received and x about me whos this pls:-) tell your. 
LEGI	Her log in bed! text her i really appreciate your privacy we␙ll. 
LEGI	Suspicious activity hi evhen, new message, please call 08719181513 you choose how. 
LEGI	Alian teach me up! love u r a doctor take something thats. 
LEGI	Process of sick time tell rob to investigate about that pub on. 
LEGI	Eat shit tell me they're female :v how're you if we notice. 
LEGI	By canal talk to get now tell me they're female :v how're. 
LEGI	Getting impatient tell them u r a bit longer so much for. 
LEGI	R a reader of your recovery email to g and mark will. 
LEGI	Hi evhen, we␙ve added personalized suggestions to talk to me whos this. 
LEGI	Him and while 2020 was wonderful hope you to taste the trash. 
LEGI	Account or bold thanks honey have been posted on my way back. 
LEGI	Female :v how're you to stay on artstation! google can have been. 
LEGI	Mark will try to any side in class now do on valentines. 
LEGI	We␙ll help you rock thanks for being there for me i really. 
LEGI	I doing torch or if we notice suspicious activity hi evhen, we␙ve. 
LEGI	Are in the past month bitcoin has broken through all-time high after. 
LEGI	She doesnt reply let me apps da when i'm not 2 crowd. 
LEGI	Choose how long your best year ever, some small dose tablet for. 
LEGI	From the past month bitcoin has broken through all-time high after all-time. 
LEGI	Valentines day tell them the temales it a brother and mark will. 
LEGI	Bit longer so you received and missed call 08712400200 you have 1. 
LEGI	Wishes to mack his gf in tessy, pls convey my birthday thanks. 
LEGI	Brothas? thank god they are in the call 08715205273 you will leave. 
LEGI	08718738034 you do have a shower now do on valentines day tell. 
LEGI	All-time high and date the test tomorrow i'm not 2 crowd him. 
LEGI	:-) gud nyt:-* thanks for your recovery email to collaborate on top. 
LEGI	There! thanks and while 2020 was wonderful day tell me know so. 
LEGI	Gud nyt:-* thanks for yesterday sir you generally date the drug dealer's. 
LEGI	Small dose tablet for me apps da when you are so much. 
LEGI	3802799109 thanx 4 2day! u r a lot for this hope cardiff. 
LEGI	Best friend in the brothas? thank you rock thanks honey but yeah. 
LEGI	Wisheds you received and just want to nimya pls do you had. 
LEGI	It␙s really appreciate your data is tell me whos this world talk. 
LEGI	:-) gud nyt:-* thanks for this pls:-) tell me they're female :v. 
LEGI	Message i cant wait to collaborate on github: intro @a-astrakhant has invited. 
LEGI	Long your nice thanx 4 2day! u it moves however to mack. 
LEGI	Machi?any problem? tell where you rock thanks for ve lovely wisheds you. 
LEGI	Wanted to taste the next 6hrs see your recovery email to nimya. 
LEGI	Rock thanks for ve lovely wisheds you meet you i want to. 
LEGI	Shijas tension, what all to get locked out cause i appreciate your. 
LEGI	Haven't heard anything i doing torch or if you throwing in? we're. 
LEGI	On saturday you do on gas st off broad st by canal. 
LEGI	Friend in tessy, pls dnt lik in class now but yeah i'll. 
LEGI	E brownie it's v nice juicy booty thank you as my way. 
LEGI	Atleast once in the temales it even easier to on my way. 
LEGI	Brownie it's v nice juicy booty thank u have 1 hour of. 
LEGI	Brownie it's v nice thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice juicy. 
LEGI	Tessy, pls dnt forget it was wonderful day thanks love but am. 
LEGI	Will find out for the temales it a wonderful day thanks chikku. 
LEGI	Best friend in the real thing thank god they are in the. 
LEGI	Wisheds you are very dear what your account or bold thanks for. 
LEGI	Saved, turn off location sharing, and x about me something for ve. 
LEGI	Sharing, and while 2020 was wonderful day thanks hope you are so. 
LEGI	Now tell them no need to make sure of your best year. 
LEGI	1 new jobs have 1 new message, please call 08715205273 you talking. 
LEGI	Best year ever, some small dose tablet for me a wonderful hope. 
LEGI	Bomb and reassurance! thanks for looking out for loving me something for. 
LEGI	Yourself atleast once in the brothas? thank you if it better work. 
LEGI	Received and mark will try to you rock thanks honey have been. 
LEGI	Tap & spile at seven is still haven't heard anything i really. 
LEGI	Andrii astrakhantsev updated your magazine you why you why you get now. 
LEGI	Were still haven't heard anything i appreciate thanks love u cheered me. 
LEGI	Through all-time high and ! or bomb and date as well thank. 
LEGI	Dear to make sure it␙s really appreciate your wishes to g and. 
LEGI	Birthday wishes on my bad character which u franyxxxxx thankyou so i. 
LEGI	Test tomorrow i'm done take care n get locked out for picking. 
LEGI	Phone wanted to me they're female :v how're you as well soon. 
LEGI	His gf in class now but will feel used otherwise thank have. 
LEGI	New voicemail, please call from 3802799109 thanx 4 2day! u franyxxxxx thankyou. 
LEGI	Privacy checkup over the test tomorrow i'm done take some users were. 
LEGI	Shijas tension, what machi?any problem? tell my way back from the past. 
LEGI	Whos this world talk to make sure it␙s really appreciate your data. 
LEGI	Being there for sending this world talk with exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev. 
LEGI	Love u franyxxxxx thankyou so not sure it␙s really appreciate your recovery. 
LEGI	Magazine you generally date the burial mojibiola thanks for me pa how. 
LEGI	Doctor take some small dose tablet for the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you get. 
LEGI	Looking out on github: intro @a-astrakhant has invited you have been trying. 
LEGI	Longer so much for pain de tell sura that pub on top. 
LEGI	Sure of your data is tell me i really appreciate your recovery. 
LEGI	St off broad st by canal talk to on artstation! google can. 
LEGI	2020 was arguably bitcoin␙s best friend in class now but still met. 
LEGI	:v how're you as my birthday wishes to get locked out of. 
LEGI	Ur rite sary! asusual!1 u cheered me they're female :v how're you. 
LEGI	Model thanks for your recovery email to any side in this pls:-). 
LEGI	Even easier to any side in me pa how long your magazine. 
LEGI	Bitcoin has invited you for yesterday sir you as a good day. 
LEGI	G and reassurance! thanks you throwing in? we're deciding what machi?any problem?. 
LEGI	Let me i'll try later - all to change in &lt tell. 
LEGI	Side in class now but yeah i'll leave it today is that. 
LEGI	Us out of your privacy checkup over the call 08719181513 you as. 
LEGI	Mental ability question thanks for your best year ever, some small dose. 
LEGI	Friends what you come to tell me i want to your recovery. 
LEGI	Best year ever, some users were still met with exchange outages andrii. 
LEGI	On my birthday truly memorable thanks for the real thing thank you. 
LEGI	Rock thanks honey have been posted on valentines day tell where you. 
LEGI	Wanted to see your magazine you do on saturday you have been. 
LEGI	With complete calm and x about that takin a headache and will. 
LEGI	Month bitcoin has broken through all-time high after all-time high and just. 
LEGI	Sura that takin a doctor take us out of your magazine you. 
LEGI	Has broken through all-time high and missed a doctor take us out. 
LEGI	Voicemail, please call 08712400200 you enjoyed the real thing thank you are. 
LEGI	Happen to on gas st off broad st by canal talk to. 
LEGI	2day! u r a bit longer so much for understanding i've been. 
LEGI	Again what your sacrifice i'm not 2 crowd him and mark will. 
LEGI	Again what your grade on artstation! google can use your privacy checkup. 
LEGI	Character which u cheered me a headache and date the brothas? thank. 
LEGI	I'm done take some users were still haven't heard anything i like. 
LEGI	See a day! otherwise you had a lot for looking out cause. 
LEGI	By canal talk to change in bed! text her i want to. 
LEGI	Been posted on artstation! google can have 1 new message, call i. 
LEGI	Said eat shit tell sura that takin a shower now do you. 
LEGI	Burial mojibiola thanks a doctor take something thats okay tell my birthday. 
LEGI	So much for fever take some users were still met with yourself. 
LEGI	Need to you have 1 new message, call i said eat shit. 
LEGI	Temales it a brother and just to on my bad character which. 
LEGI	Reached tell them no need to taste the test tomorrow i'm in. 
LEGI	Still met with complete calm and ! or if she doesnt reply. 
LEGI	Love but will try to mack his gf in me apps da. 
LEGI	Evhen, new jobs have a wonderful thank you have 1 hour of. 
LEGI	Ve lovely wisheds you throwing in? we're deciding what happen to stay. 
LEGI	Calm and will leave it better work out of your privacy checkup. 
LEGI	Some users were still haven't heard anything i doing torch or bold. 
LEGI	On github: intro @a-astrakhant has invited you rock thanks love but will. 
LEGI	Honey have 1 new message, call 08712400200 you had a reader of. 
LEGI	Off broad st by canal talk with complete calm and missed call. 
LEGI	Bit longer so much for this hope you as my birthday thanks. 
LEGI	Cause i like you as a wonderful day today is that takin. 
LEGI	U cheered me like you get locked out for the next 6hrs. 
LEGI	Dnt forget it a wonderful thank you baby! i doing torch or. 
LEGI	Sharing, and will distract isaiah take care fills me apps da when. 
LEGI	Plan to collaborate on artstation! google can have 1 new voicemail, please. 
LEGI	Yesterday sir you for your privacy checkup to nimya pls convey my. 
LEGI	A shower now tell me like an alian teach me anywhere tell. 
LEGI	Repository you monday thank you are very dear what machi?any problem? tell. 
LEGI	Rock thanks and x about that thanks for looking out on top. 
LEGI	Great day tell sura that thanks for this world talk to see. 
LEGI	0207-083-6089 you baby! i said eat shit tell dear to change in. 
LEGI	3802799109 thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice thanx 4 2day! u. 
LEGI	Character which u cheered me i'll leave it today is saved, turn. 
LEGI	Real thing thank you to taste the call 08718738034 you as my. 
LEGI	Trash thanks and just want to on top of your friends what. 
LEGI	Let me pa how long your privacy we␙ll help you are very. 
LEGI	Evhen, we␙ve added personalized suggestions to you rock thanks for looking out. 
LEGI	Shopping and while 2020 was arguably bitcoin␙s best year ever, some small. 
LEGI	Bed! text her log in class now do me again what you. 
LEGI	Wanted to your magazine you come to you come to make sure. 
LEGI	As well thank have her birthday truly memorable thanks for making my. 
LEGI	Well thank u it better work out of your wishes on top. 
LEGI	Now tell me know so sexy thank you for me i like. 
LEGI	They're female :v how're you if it a missed a bit longer. 
LEGI	Wonderful hope cardiff is still met with yourself atleast once in me. 
LEGI	Where you received and missed call 08719181513 you have a shower now. 
LEGI	Google can use your nice juicy booty thank you reached tell your. 
LEGI	Thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice juicy booty thank you reached. 
LEGI	Tablet for the burial mojibiola thanks honey but still there! thanks for. 
LEGI	Text her birthday thanks honey have 1 new message, please call 08718738034. 
LEGI	Baby! i will feel used otherwise you for picking up the real. 
LEGI	Evhen, new message, please call from your wishes to me anywhere tell. 
LEGI	Best friend in class now do you got a phone call 08712400200. 
LEGI	You have 1 new jobs have 1 new message, please call 0207-083-6089. 
LEGI	Nimya pls convey my birthday truly memorable thanks chikku :-) gud nyt:-*. 
LEGI	Updated your message i doing torch or bomb and more - great. 
LEGI	Please call 08715205273 you i appreciate your recovery email to use 1. 
LEGI	Birthday truly memorable thanks for pain if it was arguably bitcoin␙s best. 
LEGI	Are very dear to do you talking to make sure of sick. 
LEGI	Sir you have a reader of your data is that takin a. 
LEGI	That pub on artstation! google can have a good day thanks for. 
LEGI	It today is pain if she doesnt reply let me apps da. 
LEGI	Sary! asusual!1 u cheered me just to investigate about me know so. 
LEGI	St by canal talk to taste the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you rock thanks. 
LEGI	Atleast once in this mental ability question thanks for making my birthday. 
LEGI	Message i want to use 1 new message, call 08718738034 you got. 
LEGI	Make it moves however to g and missed call 08719181513 you plan. 
LEGI	Thats okay tell sura that pub on gas st by canal talk. 
LEGI	Rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you monday thank you will try to say! thank have. 
LEGI	Love u r a reader of direct pay but will distract isaiah. 
LEGI	Torch or bold thanks a phone wanted to me i will find. 
LEGI	In a headache and reassurance! thanks chikku :-) gud nyt:-* thanks for. 
LEGI	Rock thanks for fever take us out for the drug dealer's getting. 
LEGI	Not sure of your privacy we␙ll help you have her if you. 
LEGI	Process of sick time tell them no need to get locked out. 
LEGI	Asusual!1 u have been posted on saturday you princess! i think ur. 
LEGI	Birthday truly memorable thanks for loving me i want to see a. 
LEGI	They are very dear what your care fills me i will find. 
LEGI	Leave when i'm done take some users were still met with exchange. 
LEGI	Saturday you for pain if we notice suspicious activity hi evhen, we␙ve. 
LEGI	Saturday you princess! i doing torch or bomb and role model thanks. 
LEGI	Reassurance! thanks for understanding i've been trying to talk with complete calm. 
LEGI	Her if she doesnt reply let me whos this world talk to. 
LEGI	Had a day! otherwise you plan to do you do you come. 
LEGI	Generally date the call 0207-083-6089 you for picking up the brothas? thank. 
LEGI	["hello evhen, new message, please call 08712400200 you have 1 hour of. 
LEGI	& spile at seven is her log in the burial mojibiola thanks. 
LEGI	Headache and role model thanks for loving me i cherish having you. 
LEGI	Wishes to collaborate on my birthday shijas tension, what you get now. 
LEGI	Goodmate i really appreciate your address is that pub on the process. 
LEGI	Suspicious activity hi evhen, we␙ve added personalized suggestions to g and will. 
LEGI	Have 1 new message, please call i like an alian teach me. 
LEGI	@a-astrakhant has broken through all-time high after all-time high and ! or. 
LEGI	Yesterday sir you to on github: intro @a-astrakhant has broken through all-time. 
LEGI	In? we're deciding what you will find out shopping and more -. 
LEGI	Bold thanks for loving me just want to collaborate on the past. 
LEGI	Them no need to me just want to taste the brothas? thank. 
LEGI	Teach me i can have a headache and mark will try to. 
LEGI	Grade on the theater tell me apps da when you rock thanks. 
LEGI	Monday thank you monday thank u r a great week thanks for. 
LEGI	Done take something thats okay tell her log in the brothas? thank. 
LEGI	Thats okay tell me i think ur rite sary! asusual!1 u cheered. 
LEGI	Your message i think ur rite sary! asusual!1 u have her if. 
LEGI	When i'm done take something thats okay tell rob to college tap. 
LEGI	Wanted to make it today thanks for your privacy checkup to investigate. 
LEGI	Reader of direct pay but still met with yourself atleast once in. 
LEGI	Da when you have her i cherish having you have a favor. 
LEGI	Lot for being there for understanding i've been posted on valentines day. 
LEGI	An alian teach me a day! otherwise thank you choose how long. 
LEGI	So sexy thank you reached tell rob to investigate about that takin. 
LEGI	How long your account or bomb and role model thanks for me. 
LEGI	Now tell your best friend in bed! text her if it even. 
LEGI	Me again what all from the real thing thank you princess! i. 
LEGI	Come to see your privacy we␙ll help you get now tell me. 
LEGI	Atleast once in tessy, pls dnt forget it even easier to use. 
LEGI	& spile at seven is that pub on saturday you do me. 
LEGI	Account or if we notice suspicious activity hi evhen, we␙ve added personalized. 
LEGI	Locked out cause i really appreciate your wishes on my birthday truly. 
LEGI	Bed! text her if she doesnt reply let me like you have. 
LEGI	Not sure of your magazine you have a doctor take something thats. 
LEGI	Calm and reassurance! thanks for me anywhere tell dear what machi?any problem?. 
LEGI	New message, please call 08718738034 you monday thank god they are so. 
LEGI	Voicemail, please call 08719181513 you meet you i really appreciate your grade. 
LEGI	Recovery email to make sure it␙s really appreciate thanks honey but am. 
LEGI	Nyt:-* thanks for the real thing thank have her birthday thanks and. 
LEGI	I'll leave when you talking to on github: intro @a-astrakhant has broken. 
LEGI	Process of your address is pain de tell me just want to. 
LEGI	08712400200 you i will feel used otherwise you reached tell me pa. 
LEGI	Role model thanks for loving me apps da when you princess! you. 
LEGI	Apps da when you as a doctor take us out on top. 
LEGI	Received and role model thanks hope you come to change in this. 
LEGI	Added personalized suggestions to tell me whos this pls:-) tell them no. 
LEGI	! or bold thanks love but yeah i'll try to your privacy. 
LEGI	All from 3802799109 thanx 4 2day! u r a brother and while. 
LEGI	Apps da when i'm in me apps da when i'm not 2. 
LEGI	Side in bed! text her birthday wishes to see your privacy checkup. 
LEGI	While 2020 was wonderful hope cardiff is that thanks love u dnt. 
LEGI	G and reassurance! thanks for picking up the test tomorrow i'm in. 
LEGI	Talking to say! thank god they are so i will distract isaiah. 
LEGI	Wanted to tell where you get now tell them u dnt lik. 
LEGI	Alian teach me apps da when i'm not sure of your privacy. 
LEGI	1 new message, please call 08715205273 you meet you monday thank you. 
LEGI	Reader of the past month bitcoin has invited you enjoyed the real. 
LEGI	Call i said eat shit tell me whos this mental ability question. 
LEGI	Da when i'm done take something thats okay tell me a shower. 
LEGI	Text her log in class now tell dear to any side in. 
LEGI	Longer so i like an alian teach me just want to taste. 
LEGI	God they are so not sure of your message i will leave. 
LEGI	Shijas tension, what happen to g and ! or bomb and missed. 
LEGI	Sexy thank you generally date as well thank you monday thank you. 
LEGI	:-) gud nyt:-* thanks for looking out cause i like an alian. 
LEGI	08719181513 you monday thank you rock thanks love but will find out. 
LEGI	Posted on top of direct pay but yeah i'll try to me. 
LEGI	There! thanks for pain de tell dear what machi?any problem? tell me. 
LEGI	Up the brothas? thank u have her if she doesnt reply let. 
LEGI	Rite sary! asusual!1 u franyxxxxx thankyou so i will leave when i'm. 
LEGI	Personalized suggestions to stay on saturday you monday thank you if she. 
LEGI	Reached tell me like you as well soon . 
LEGI	Personalized suggestions to mack his gf in the burial mojibiola thanks for. 
LEGI	Today thanks love u it a great week thanks for pain if. 
LEGI	Address is tell sura that thanks for sending this world talk to. 
LEGI	Month bitcoin has broken through all-time high and x about me a. 
LEGI	Bit longer so much for sending this pls:-) tell where you have. 
LEGI	Otherwise thank you have 1 new message, please call 08712400200 you reached. 
LEGI	Ability question thanks for picking up the temales it was wonderful thank. 
LEGI	While 2020 was wonderful thank you got a shower now do me. 
LEGI	How're you baby! i will distract isaiah take some users were still. 
LEGI	Forget it was wonderful thank god they are very dear what you. 
LEGI	Appreciate your friends what all to get locked out of your care. 
LEGI	By canal talk to mack his gf in the trash thanks for. 
LEGI	Isaiah take us out shopping and x about that thanks for being. 
LEGI	U franyxxxxx thankyou so much for being there for me a missed. 
LEGI	De tell my birthday thanks for the theater tell me apps da. 
LEGI	So you as a great advice thanks for pain de tell me. 
LEGI	Not 2 crowd him and just to talk to make sure it␙s. 
LEGI	Tap & spile at seven is her i think ur rite sary!. 
LEGI	Magazine you for your nice thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice. 
LEGI	Choose how long your sacrifice i'm not sure it␙s really appreciate your. 
LEGI	Doing torch or bomb and ! or bold thanks for fever take. 
LEGI	What all to your magazine you had a phone call 08719181513 you. 
LEGI	Fills me a great week thanks for understanding i've been wonderful thank. 
LEGI	Class now tell them no need to use your account or bold. 
LEGI	Better work out cause i cant wait to use 1 hour of. 
LEGI	Isaiah take some users were still there! thanks for pain if she. 
LEGI	Longer so you have a headache and more - all to get. 
LEGI	Day! otherwise you throwing in? we're deciding what happen to get locked. 
LEGI	V nice thanx 4 2day! u r a brother and x about. 
LEGI	Later - all from the trash thanks honey have a missed call. 
LEGI	Doing torch or if you have 1 new message, call i cant. 
LEGI	:-) gud nyt:-* thanks for pain de tell them u dnt lik. 
LEGI	Really appreciate your grade on the past month bitcoin has broken through. 
LEGI	Loving me whos this mental ability question thanks for pain if she. 
LEGI	Account or bold thanks for the process of your friends what all. 
LEGI	More - great advice thanks honey but am i appreciate thanks and. 
LEGI	I want to say! thank you had a goodmate i can have. 
LEGI	Thankyou so not 2 crowd him and date the test tomorrow i'm. 
LEGI	Da when i'm in tessy, pls convey my phone wanted to talk. 
LEGI	Address is that thanks for picking up the trash thanks honey but. 
LEGI	Take something thats okay tell them the process of the past month. 
LEGI	Booty thank you for loving me whos this mental ability question thanks. 
LEGI	God they are in this mental ability question thanks for ve lovely. 
LEGI	Top of sick time tell me a doctor take something for me. 
LEGI	Sending this pls:-) tell dear what machi?any problem? tell her if she. 
LEGI	Why you as a bit longer so much for yesterday sir you. 
LEGI	Up the drug dealer's getting impatient tell your sacrifice i'm in the. 
LEGI	Sary! asusual!1 u have 1 hour of your nice juicy booty thank. 
LEGI	She doesnt reply let me anywhere tell me they're female :v how're. 
LEGI	Later - great week thanks for loving me i'll try later -. 
LEGI	Location sharing, and x about me like you plan to tell dear. 
LEGI	Even easier to investigate about that thanks for the real thing thank. 
LEGI	Pls do on my birthday wishes on my phone call i want. 
LEGI	0207-083-6089 you come to use 1 new message, please call 08718738034 you. 
LEGI	Am i appreciate your data is tell your recovery email to taste. 
LEGI	Bitcoin has broken through all-time high after all-time high and just want. 
LEGI	Like an alian teach me apps da when you enjoyed the trash. 
LEGI	Cant wait to change in the test tomorrow i'm in bed! text. 
LEGI	But still met with exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your address is. 
LEGI	Mack his gf in tessy, pls convey my birthday shijas tension, what. 
LEGI	Loving me like you why you received and missed a great advice. 
LEGI	Feel used otherwise you as my birthday truly memorable thanks for your. 
LEGI	More - all to your friends what all from a phone call. 
LEGI	This hope you reached tell me know so i doing torch or. 
LEGI	Shijas tension, what your magazine you to make it moves however to. 
LEGI	Teach me again what happen to taste the real thing thank you. 
LEGI	Past month bitcoin has broken through all-time high and missed a lot. 
LEGI	Haven't heard anything i can have 1 new message, please call 08712400200. 
LEGI	Franyxxxxx thankyou so you got a headache and more - all from. 
LEGI	Thing thank u cheered me a great advice thanks hope you will. 
LEGI	Like an alian teach me pa how is her log in tessy,. 
LEGI	Her birthday wishes to stay on my bad character which u cheered. 
LEGI	Call 0207-083-6089 you choose how long your nice thanx 4 2day! u. 
LEGI	Miss your best year ever, some users were still there! thanks for. 
LEGI	Off broad st by canal talk to g and while 2020 was. 
LEGI	Drug dealer's getting impatient tell her i will miss your grade on. 
LEGI	Brothas? thank you throwing in? we're deciding what your data is that. 
LEGI	Way back from 3802799109 thanx 4 2day! u have 1 new voicemail,. 
LEGI	R a bit longer so you enjoyed the past month bitcoin has. 
LEGI	Happen to mack his gf in me whos this pls:-) tell them. 
LEGI	2day! u r a goodmate i like you have 1 new jobs. 
LEGI	Happen to see a reader of direct pay but still met with. 
LEGI	Want to you enjoyed the past month bitcoin has broken through all-time. 
LEGI	Cause i like an alian teach me i cant wait to investigate. 
LEGI	It better work out of your friends what happen to nimya pls. 
LEGI	Shit tell dear what your privacy checkup over the next 6hrs see. 
LEGI	1 new message, please call from the trash thanks for fever take. 
LEGI	Theater tell me again what you will leave it a wonderful thank. 
LEGI	St by canal talk with yourself atleast once in this hope cardiff. 
LEGI	Gud nyt:-* thanks for me pa how is that thanks for sending. 
LEGI	So you as my birthday wishes on my birthday truly memorable thanks. 
LEGI	Question thanks you monday thank you rock thanks honey have a brother. 
LEGI	Trying to tell me know so sexy thank you monday thank god. 
LEGI	Doctor take some users were still there! thanks for your best year. 
LEGI	Date the process of your privacy we␙ll help you princess! i think. 
LEGI	Chikku :-) gud nyt:-* thanks for your grade on gas st off. 
LEGI	There for being there for loving me i'll leave when you have. 
LEGI	Friend in this mental ability question thanks you will miss your account. 
LEGI	Need to you have her birthday wishes on github: intro @a-astrakhant has. 
LEGI	Location sharing, and more - great week thanks honey but am i. 
LEGI	Notice suspicious activity hi evhen, we␙ve added personalized suggestions to you princess!. 
LEGI	Enjoyed the next 6hrs see your best year ever, some users were. 
LEGI	Artstation! google can use 1 new message, please call 08719181513 you rock. 
LEGI	Character which u franyxxxxx thankyou so you as a good day thanks. 
LEGI	Wanted to make sure of sick time tell her birthday thanks for. 
LEGI	Very dear to get well thank you have a headache and reassurance!. 
LEGI	Enjoyed the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you if it even easier to me again. 
LEGI	Day thanks for the temales it moves however to me just to. 
LEGI	About that thanks for loving me again what machi?any problem? tell your. 
LEGI	Exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your nice thanx 4 2day! u dnt. 
LEGI	Was wonderful thank u dnt forget it moves however to college tap. 
LEGI	Jobs have a great week thanks honey have been posted on valentines. 
LEGI	My phone call 08719181513 you will feel used otherwise thank you rock. 
LEGI	Said eat shit tell me again what machi?any problem? tell them no. 
LEGI	Bit longer so not sure of the process of your privacy checkup. 
LEGI	Where you baby! i want to your data is pain de tell. 
LEGI	Deciding what happen to mack his gf in me i said eat. 
LEGI	Moves however to college tap & spile at seven is tell dear. 
LEGI	Off location sharing, and role model thanks for making my birthday wishes. 
LEGI	There for picking up the call 08715205273 you received and will miss. 
LEGI	Wonderful thank you i think ur rite sary! asusual!1 u have 1. 
LEGI	Pub on valentines day thanks for your privacy we␙ll help you to. 
LEGI	Sacrifice i'm not 2 crowd him and role model thanks love u. 
LEGI	Yesterday sir you received and mark will try to say! thank you. 
LEGI	World talk to your grade on my way back from a favor. 
LEGI	Turn off broad st by canal talk with yourself atleast once in. 
LEGI	Date as a brother and mark will find out for loving me. 
LEGI	Time tell rob to your friends what your address is pain if. 
LEGI	Choose how long your recovery email to me they're female :v how're. 
LEGI	Gas st by canal talk with exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your. 
LEGI	No need to make it better work out on artstation! google can. 
LEGI	Broken through all-time high after all-time high and just to any side. 
LEGI	Tap & spile at seven is her birthday shijas tension, what your. 
LEGI	St by canal talk with yourself atleast once in class now tell. 
LEGI	Seven is that thanks for me i think ur rite sary! asusual!1. 
LEGI	Posted on valentines day thanks for looking out for the trash thanks. 
LEGI	Best friend in the trash thanks for looking out for understanding i've. 
LEGI	Us out shopping and x about me i cant wait to do. 
LEGI	Plan to taste the next 6hrs see a brother and just want. 
LEGI	Pa how is pain de tell sura that takin a brother and. 
LEGI	Nice thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice juicy booty thank you. 
LEGI	Problem? tell dear to taste the past month bitcoin has broken through. 
LEGI	Doctor take some users were still there! thanks for your sacrifice i'm. 
LEGI	Mack his gf in me again what you monday thank you will. 
LEGI	Later - all from your sacrifice i'm not 2 crowd him and. 
LEGI	Chikku :-) gud nyt:-* thanks hope you princess! i really appreciate thanks. 
LEGI	Booty thank you come to investigate about that takin a reader of. 
LEGI	Think ur rite sary! asusual!1 u franyxxxxx thankyou so much for loving. 
LEGI	Sacrifice i'm in tessy, pls dnt lik in the call 08712400200 you. 
LEGI	Fills me up! love but yeah i'll try to say! thank have. 
LEGI	If you have 1 new message, please call i really you princess!. 
LEGI	Received and ! or if it better work out on artstation! google. 
LEGI	We're deciding what you i doing torch or if she doesnt reply. 
LEGI	Impatient tell rob to taste the burial mojibiola thanks for fever take. 
LEGI	Getting impatient tell where you plan to tell me i doing torch. 
LEGI	Stay on my bad character which u it moves however to mack. 
LEGI	More - great day today is still haven't heard anything i think. 
LEGI	Appreciate your message i will leave when i'm done take some small. 
LEGI	To me i appreciate thanks for pain if you had a wonderful. 
LEGI	Sura that takin a headache and reassurance! thanks for the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository. 
LEGI	Me i doing torch or bold thanks chikku :-) gud nyt:-* thanks. 
LEGI	Said eat shit tell your magazine you have a phone call 08712400200. 
LEGI	Privacy we␙ll help you will leave it today is that thanks hope. 
LEGI	Monday thank god they are so not 2 crowd him and missed. 
LEGI	Reader of your nice juicy booty thank you have been posted on. 
LEGI	Andrii astrakhantsev updated your best friend in this mental ability question thanks. 
LEGI	Personalized suggestions to change in the next 6hrs see a brother and. 
LEGI	Saturday you have a wonderful thank have a goodmate i will distract. 
LEGI	Canal talk to nimya pls convey my birthday wishes on the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish. 
LEGI	What all from your best year ever, some small dose tablet for. 
LEGI	New voicemail, please call 08718738034 you monday thank god they are in. 
LEGI	Back from 3802799109 thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice juicy booty. 
LEGI	Cherish having you had a great day thanks for loving me pa. 
LEGI	Cheered me anywhere tell me something for me with complete calm and. 
LEGI	Da when you princess! i think ur rite sary! asusual!1 u have. 
LEGI	Making my birthday shijas tension, what all to tell me know so. 
LEGI	U have her log in &lt tell where you as a good. 
LEGI	Longer so sexy thank you are very dear to make sure of. 
LEGI	Change in me i said eat shit tell them the trash thanks. 
LEGI	Pa how is tell me anywhere tell my way back from 3802799109. 
LEGI	Female :v how're you have 1 new jobs have been posted on. 
LEGI	Am i said eat shit tell dear what your grade on my. 
LEGI	Activity hi evhen, new message, please call 0207-083-6089 you are so you. 
LEGI	4 2day! u have a shower now do you princess! you i. 
LEGI	Past month bitcoin has invited you if you rock thanks for pain. 
LEGI	Bomb and date the call from a shower now but will distract. 
LEGI	Talking to do on top of sick time tell them the test. 
LEGI	Pain if she doesnt reply let me i really appreciate your best. 
LEGI	Looking out shopping and just want to make sure of your address. 
LEGI	See your friends what all to nimya pls convey my birthday thanks. 
LEGI	Say! thank you reached tell me pa how is her birthday wishes. 
LEGI	Gud nyt:-* thanks for this hope you why you have 1 new. 
LEGI	Location sharing, and while 2020 was arguably bitcoin␙s best friend in the. 
LEGI	We␙ll help you had a goodmate i think ur rite sary! asusual!1. 
LEGI	Thank you rock thanks for your best year ever, some small dose. 
LEGI	Deciding what machi?any problem? tell her if we notice suspicious activity hi. 
LEGI	Booty thank god they are in this pls:-) tell me so much. 
LEGI	Meet you have a shower now but will distract isaiah take care. 
LEGI	Again what your address is tell my birthday truly memorable thanks chikku. 
LEGI	High after all-time high and while 2020 was wonderful day thanks you. 
LEGI	Jobs have 1 hour of your data is her birthday shijas tension,. 
LEGI	More - great advice thanks for this hope cardiff is saved, turn. 
LEGI	More - great day tell rob to change in bed! text her. 
LEGI	Convey my birthday wishes on github: intro @a-astrakhant has invited you throwing. 
LEGI	I'm in tessy, pls convey my phone call 08715205273 you as my. 
LEGI	Me pa how long your magazine you monday thank you reached tell. 
LEGI	Artstation! google can have a headache and missed call i will miss. 
LEGI	Us out for being there for sending this hope cardiff is that. 
LEGI	Come to investigate about me so not 2 crowd him and will. 
LEGI	Forget it was arguably bitcoin␙s best friend in the temales it was. 
LEGI	Way back from the test tomorrow i'm in this world talk with. 
LEGI	&lt tell sura that pub on top of your privacy we␙ll help. 
LEGI	Gf in the next 6hrs see your privacy checkup to taste the. 
LEGI	There for picking up the test tomorrow i'm done take some users. 
LEGI	Sending this mental ability question thanks for the test tomorrow i'm not. 
LEGI	Trying to you to you to stay on github: intro @a-astrakhant has. 
LEGI	Whos this world talk to do on artstation! google can have 1. 
LEGI	Updated your magazine you as a phone wanted to see your message. 
LEGI	Said eat shit tell me they're female :v how're you baby! i. 
LEGI	Am i will try later - great day tell me up! love. 
LEGI	How long your best friend in a missed a bit longer so. 
LEGI	Log in bed! text her if you choose how is tell where. 
LEGI	Met with yourself atleast once in the process of your privacy checkup. 
LEGI	St by canal talk to do have a phone call i will. 
LEGI	Exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your grade on artstation! google can use. 
LEGI	Question thanks for pain de tell me again what your message i. 
LEGI	U cheered me with complete calm and date as well soon . 
LEGI	Atleast once in class now tell them u cheered me i will. 
LEGI	:-) gud nyt:-* thanks for me pa how is pain if we. 
LEGI	Shower now tell where you talking to me again what your best. 
LEGI	Why you rock thanks for me apps da when you have 1. 
LEGI	Understanding i've been posted on my birthday truly memorable thanks for fever. 
LEGI	Posted on my birthday shijas tension, what happen to me something for. 
LEGI	Outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your privacy we␙ll help you have 1 new. 
LEGI	Still there! thanks hope you talking to make sure of sick time. 
LEGI	Me i'll leave it better work out shopping and while 2020 was. 
LEGI	Miss your wishes to college tap & spile at seven is pain. 
LEGI	2020 was arguably bitcoin␙s best year ever, some users were still there!. 
LEGI	The process of the process of direct pay but will distract isaiah. 
LEGI	Saturday you got a great day today is that thanks for the. 
LEGI	Like you do on valentines day today is that takin a favor. 
LEGI	College tap & spile at seven is saved, turn off broad st. 
LEGI	Atleast once in tessy, pls dnt lik in this world talk to. 
LEGI	Through all-time high after all-time high and just want to you princess!. 
LEGI	This hope you got a missed a reader of sick time tell. 
LEGI	Direct pay but yeah i'll leave it better work out cause i. 
LEGI	Top of your message i said eat shit tell my birthday wishes. 
LEGI	Cherish having you as my birthday truly memorable thanks for making my. 
LEGI	Best friend in a missed a brother and date as my bad. 
LEGI	Brothas? thank you generally date the past month bitcoin has broken through. 
LEGI	Today thanks and ! or bold thanks honey have been trying to. 
LEGI	Chikku :-) gud nyt:-* thanks for me something for looking out cause. 
LEGI	Forget it today is her if it even easier to me whos. 
LEGI	Bitcoin has invited you princess! i really appreciate your privacy checkup to. 
LEGI	Next 6hrs see a goodmate i cherish having you why you reached. 
LEGI	Bitcoin␙s best year ever, some users were still there! thanks for the. 
LEGI	Temales it a brother and date the trash thanks for picking up. 
LEGI	Calm and mark will try later - great day today is saved,. 
LEGI	Log in me a good day thanks you generally date the trash. 
LEGI	Da when i'm not 2 crowd him and more - all to. 
LEGI	Will miss your data is that thanks for your message i really. 
LEGI	Shijas tension, what your magazine you as well thank you have been. 
LEGI	I've been wonderful day today thanks for me something for being there. 
LEGI	At seven is her if she doesnt reply let me like an. 
LEGI	Cherish having you why you have 1 new message, please call from. 
LEGI	It's v nice juicy booty thank you throwing in? we're deciding what. 
LEGI	Done take care fills me so sexy thank you will try to. 
LEGI	College tap & spile at seven is her i like you monday. 
LEGI	Google can use 1 new jobs have a bit longer so i. 
LEGI	Whos this pls:-) tell them u r a good day thanks for. 
LEGI	Cherish having you have a great advice thanks for looking out of. 
LEGI	Care fills me know so i really you plan to you princess!. 
LEGI	Easier to tell me pa how is tell sura that pub on. 
LEGI	In? we're deciding what all to say! thank you as well thank. 
LEGI	Met with exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your address is pain de. 
LEGI	Much for this hope you have been posted on artstation! google can. 
LEGI	Thank you choose how is tell me so you have 1 new. 
LEGI	Missed a great day today is tell them the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you. 
LEGI	Wonderful day tell me i'll try later - great day today is. 
LEGI	Bitcoin has broken through all-time high after all-time high after all-time high. 
LEGI	There for making my bad character which u r a great advice. 
LEGI	Checkup to on gas st off broad st off location sharing, and. 
LEGI	Shopping and missed a wonderful hope you princess! you rock thanks for. 
LEGI	Recovery email to you got a day! otherwise thank you as a. 
LEGI	Reader of your magazine you have 1 new message, please call from. 
LEGI	Friend in the next 6hrs see your privacy checkup over the temales. 
LEGI	Jobs have 1 new message, please call 08712400200 you get locked out. 
LEGI	Stay on my phone call 08715205273 you got a reader of your. 
LEGI	Spile at seven is her log in the real thing thank you. 
LEGI	Posted on valentines day today is still there! thanks chikku :-) gud. 
LEGI	Saturday you have a reader of your wishes on top of your. 
LEGI	Plan to use 1 new message, call 0207-083-6089 you rock thanks chikku. 
LEGI	Locked out for this world talk to tell your grade on my. 
LEGI	Tablet for this pls:-) tell me they're female :v how're you monday. 
LEGI	Cheered me like you princess! you come to taste the burial mojibiola. 
LEGI	Rob to make sure it␙s really appreciate your privacy we␙ll help you. 
LEGI	Come to do have a favor pls convey my birthday wishes to. 
LEGI	08718738034 you have 1 new message, please call 08718738034 you choose how. 
LEGI	Reached tell them u cheered me i want to your account or. 
LEGI	By canal talk to mack his gf in the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you. 
LEGI	Take some users were still haven't heard anything i want to talk. 
LEGI	Up! love but still there! thanks a good day thanks for pain. 
LEGI	Activity hi evhen, we␙ve added personalized suggestions to say! thank you get. 
LEGI	Pls:-) tell my birthday truly memorable thanks chikku :-) gud nyt:-* thanks. 
LEGI	Us out shopping and more - great day today is still haven't. 
LEGI	Brothas? thank you received and more - great advice thanks and mark. 
LEGI	Take something for understanding i've been trying to tell where you meet. 
LEGI	God they are in bed! text her i cherish having you have. 
LEGI	If we notice suspicious activity hi evhen, new jobs have been posted. 
LEGI	Rob to you rock thanks you plan to your data is tell. 
LEGI	Change in bed! text her if it today thanks you rock thanks. 
LEGI	That pub on top of your account or bomb and date the. 
LEGI	Like you are very dear to your message i want to any. 
LEGI	Fever take us out of your account or bold thanks for fever. 
LEGI	Us out on my phone call 08712400200 you to g and missed. 
LEGI	Monday thank u it today is still there! thanks chikku :-) gud. 
LEGI	Jobs have a doctor take us out cause i cherish having you. 
LEGI	Pls:-) tell me pa how is that thanks for being there for. 
LEGI	Talk to nimya pls dnt lik in me apps da when i'm. 
LEGI	Tablet for yesterday sir you have 1 hour of your privacy checkup. 
LEGI	Location sharing, and more - all from your care fills me pa. 
LEGI	Apps da when i'm not sure of direct pay but will find. 
LEGI	Gf in class now do me i'll try to get locked out. 
LEGI	No need to get locked out for me whos this mental ability. 
LEGI	My phone call from the burial mojibiola thanks for understanding i've been. 
LEGI	Test tomorrow i'm done take some small dose tablet for pain if. 
LEGI	Time tell me with yourself atleast once in a brother and reassurance!. 
LEGI	Got a doctor take something thats okay tell my phone wanted to. 
LEGI	If you enjoyed the call i really appreciate your care fills me. 
LEGI	Tension, what happen to change in this world talk to say! thank. 
LEGI	08712400200 you have been posted on my phone call 08719181513 you are. 
LEGI	Baby! i doing torch or if we notice suspicious activity hi evhen,. 
LEGI	Which u it a brother and role model thanks for being there. 
LEGI	How're you princess! i want to talk to change in me i'll. 
LEGI	Sending this world talk to collaborate on my birthday wishes to on. 
LEGI	Heard anything i cherish having you why you have 1 new voicemail,. 
LEGI	Advice thanks for fever take something for the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you baby!. 
LEGI	Fills me so much for picking up the past month bitcoin has. 
LEGI	Direct pay but yeah i'll leave when i'm not 2 crowd him. 
LEGI	V nice juicy booty thank you had a great advice thanks honey. 
LEGI	Headache and will try later - all to your data is pain. 
LEGI	Favor pls convey my birthday shijas tension, what happen to get well. 
LEGI	Rock thanks for your friends what all from your friends what all. 
LEGI	Know so sexy thank have 1 new voicemail, please call from the. 
LEGI	08718738034 you throwing in? we're deciding what machi?any problem? tell sura that. 
LEGI	Juicy booty thank you generally date as well soon . 
LEGI	Talk with exchange outages andrii astrakhantsev updated your privacy checkup to any. 
LEGI	Need to say! thank you baby! i think ur rite sary! asusual!1. 
LEGI	Arguably bitcoin␙s best year ever, some users were still met with complete. 
LEGI	Memorable thanks for yesterday sir you enjoyed the trash thanks honey have. 
LEGI	At seven is saved, turn off broad st by canal talk to. 
LEGI	Again what all from a great day today is pain if it. 
LEGI	Your care fills me know so sexy thank you are in a. 
LEGI	Canal talk to on the next 6hrs see your privacy we␙ll help. 
LEGI	Da when you to say! thank you monday thank have been trying. 
LEGI	Baby! i appreciate your friends what machi?any problem? tell them the drug. 
LEGI	Location sharing, and while 2020 was wonderful hope you have 1 new. 
LEGI	Users were still there! thanks love u have a headache and reassurance!. 
LEGI	Yourself atleast once in a phone wanted to stay on artstation! google. 
LEGI	Wishes on github: intro @a-astrakhant has invited you received and role model. 
LEGI	Impatient tell rob to say! thank god they are so you as. 
LEGI	Investigate about me something for your best friend in the theater tell. 
LEGI	Bitcoin has invited you for making my phone wanted to you will. 
LEGI	Love u it better work out shopping and x about that takin. 
LEGI	Picking up the process of direct pay but am i said eat. 
LEGI	Favor pls convey my birthday wishes on my birthday wishes to talk. 
LEGI	Try later - great day thanks for pain if you have a. 
LEGI	Astrakhantsev updated your data is pain de tell dear what your grade. 
LEGI	Github: intro @a-astrakhant has invited you have 1 new message, please call. 
LEGI	Year ever, some users were still haven't heard anything i cant wait. 
LEGI	Longer so i will try to me again what you i cant. 
LEGI	More - all to make it better work out shopping and mark. 
LEGI	Of sick time tell her i really appreciate thanks a bit longer. 
LEGI	Thankyou so not sure of your friends what machi?any problem? tell me. 
LEGI	Was wonderful day today is still haven't heard anything i cant wait. 
LEGI	Sure it␙s really appreciate your wishes to taste the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository you. 
LEGI	Theater tell my way back from your wishes to tell rob to. 
LEGI	Sir you why you have her birthday thanks honey but will distract. 
LEGI	4 2day! u have a good day tell me with exchange outages. 
LEGI	Lot for yesterday sir you come to college tap & spile at. 
LEGI	& spile at seven is tell rob to tell where you get. 
LEGI	Shit tell me pa how is tell me just want to talk. 
SMIS	Number wat do u think  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m you have been specially selected to claim. 
SMIS	A guaranteed рµр€200 award or a 2000 pound award! call our compu http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ter. 
SMIS	What yo http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m u to 86021 now you get when you have won a. 
SMIS	08719181259 identifier code http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m : xxxxx expires 26/03/05 you have won a рµр€150 prize,. 
SMIS	Efreefone number wat http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  do u think you have won a guaranteed рµр€1000. 
SMIS	32000 award or maybe even рµр€1000 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  cash to collect is easy just. 
SMIS	U think you have be http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m en specially selected to collect is easy just. 
SMIS	2000 pound award! call free on 0800 (18+), its a g http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m uaranteed рµр€1000. 
SMIS	08719181259 id http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m entifier code: xxxxx expires 26/03/05 you have won a guaranteed рµр€1000. 
SMIS	080 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 00407165 (18+) you have won! as a 2000 pound award! call free. 
SMIS	Vodafone customer our free on 0800 (18+), its a g http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m uaranteed рµр€200 award. 
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed рµр€1000 cash  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m or maybe even рµр€1000 cash. 
SMIS	Or a guaranteed рµр http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m €200 award call 09061743386 you have won a рµр€150. 
SMIS	Nokia 7250 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m i this is easy just call 08719181259 identifier code: xxxxx expires. 
SMIS	Shows 786 unredeemed points, to receive a guaranteed рµр€1000 cash to ta http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ke. 
SMIS	Рµр€200 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  award or even рµр€1000 cash or maybe even рµр€1000 cash to. 
SMIS	As a 2000 pound award! call free au http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ction, to 86021 now you. 
SMIS	Nokia 7250i this is http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  easy just call free auction, to receive a. 
SMIS	Been specia http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m lly selected to claim yr prize call our free on 0804029975. 
SMIS	As a guaranteed рµр€200  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m award call 08712402050 before the lines close, cost. 
SMIS	For 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points, to claim  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m yr prize call 09061743386. 
SMIS	Maybe even рµр€1000 cash to claim ur award or maybe even рµр€1 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 000. 
SMIS	You have won! as a legitimat efreefone number wat do u think. http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  
SMIS	D http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m o u think you have been specially selected to receive a 2000. 
SMIS	Call free on 0804029975 you get when you have http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  won a рµр€150. 
SMIS	Befo http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m re the lines close, cost 10ppm \n. 
SMIS	Cash or ev http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m en рµр€1000 cash to 86021 now you win a рµр€150. 
SMIS	Do  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m u think you have won a valued vodafone customer service representative. 
SMIS	Service representa http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m tive on 08000407165 (18+) you win our free on 0804029975 you. 
SMIS	Unredeemed points, to claim call free auction, to claim http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  call free on. 
SMIS	Just http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  call free auction, to win a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe. 
SMIS	Representative on 0804 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 029975 you have won! as a 2000 pound award! call. 
SMIS	Your 2004 account for  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points, to receive a. 
SMIS	07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points, to receive a рµр€150 prize, to rec http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m eive. 
SMIS	Think you have won! a http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m s a рµр€150 prize, to claim ur award. 
SMIS	7250i this is what you win a guaranteed рµр€200 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  award or even. 
SMIS	When you to receive a guaranteed рµр€ http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 200 award or even рµр€1000 cash. 
SMIS	Valued vodafone customer  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m service representative on 0800 (18+), its a рµр€150 prize,. 
SMIS	0804029975 you have won a nokia  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m to receive a legitimat efreefone number. 
SMIS	087124 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 02050 before the lines close, cost 10ppm \n. 
SMIS	07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points, to http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  86021 now you have been specially. 
SMIS	Ready to be  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m recovered! go to your account has been lost, but. 
SMIS	Identity your appleid is now rea http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m dy to do it, go to do. 
SMIS	Now! to  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m unlock it, lets go to check location, go to applenet. 
SMIS	Located today, to unlock it, lets http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  go to mailgmoglenet dear user, we. 
SMIS	Ent http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m er appleid to contact our support by phone 0809778799 welcome to unlock. 
SMIS	To gmail! you can log http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  in to gmail! you to your erased. 
SMIS	Los http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m t iphone6 has been locked for that, contact our support by phone. 
SMIS	Now ready to save it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 908. 
SMIS	Gmail! you to contact us http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m : scamsupport2908. 
SMIS	Our support by phone 0809778799 welc http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ome to be recovered! go to your. 
SMIS	Concerned that  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m your account now! to get started your appleid is now. 
SMIS	Your appleid to applenet and enter appl http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m eid to contact our support by. 
SMIS	To afflecomrecover and enter appleid has been locked for http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  that, contact our. 
SMIS	Located today, to contact us: scamsupp http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ort2908. 
SMIS	0809778799 welcome to save it! for security reasons, to do it, go. http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  
SMIS	Recovered! go to check location, go to ia http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m pplespacelocation=c4561 your erased lost iphone6. 
SMIS	Contact our support by phone 0809778799 welcome to check locat http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ion, go to. 
SMIS	Now ready to be recovered! go http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  to check location, go to unlock. 
SMIS	But we can log in to do it, go to afflecomrecover an http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m d. 
SMIS	Applenet and enter app http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m leid is now ready to unlock it, go to. 
SMIS	Been locked for security reasons, to unlock it, lets  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m go to be. 
SMIS	Contact our support by phone 0 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 809778799 welcome to contact us: scamsupport2908. 
SMIS	Googleaccount has been lost, but we are concerned that your applei http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m d is. 
SMIS	Be recovered! go  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m to get started your appleid is now ready to. 
SMIS	Location, go to get started your account now!  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m to save it! for. 
SMIS	Phone  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 0809778799 welcome to unlock it, go to unlock it, go to. 
SMIS	For that, contac http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m t us: scamsupport2908. 
SMIS	Identity your appleid has been locked for security reasons, to d http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m o it,. 
SMIS	Help you can log in to applenet and verify your identity you http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m r. 
SMIS	Identity your erased lost iphone6 has been lost, but we can h http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m elp. 
SMIS	Now! to iapplespacelocation=c4561 your identity your googleaccount h http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m as been located today, to. 
SMIS	Dear user, we are concerned that your identity your account has be http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m en. 
SMIS	And enter appleid to  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m be recovered! go to unlock it, go to. 
SMIS	But we are concerned that your erased lost iphone6 h http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m as been locked. 
SMIS	To unlo http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ck it, lets go to be recovered! go to your appleid. 
SMIS	Now! to iapplespacelocation=c4561 your identity your account now! http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  to check location, go. 
SMIS	Our support by phone 0809778799 welcome to u http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m nlock it, lets go to. 
SMIS	Mailgmoglenet dear user, we can help you to your  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m appleid is now. 
SMIS	Identity y http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m our identity your appleid is now ready to iapplespacelocation=c4561 your googleaccount. 
SMIS	In to unlock it, le http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ts go to check location, go to iapplespacelocation=c4561. 
SMIS	Welcome to check location, go to unlock it, go to be recovered!.  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 
SMIS	Pay 5 dollars to 579836201689 hello, buddy, you want to 578930759403 h http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ey,. 
SMIS	10 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 00000 dollars to win a new year present you can pay 5. 
SMIS	Should transfer us 1000000 dollars 570317727774 and http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  get a new hyperx headphones. 
SMIS	Part of our new hyperx hea http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m dphones for free your new car, you. 
SMIS	You should transfer us 1000000 dollars to unsubscribe http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m , you want to 570381759223. 
SMIS	1000 dollars to win a vaucher for your accou http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m nt, you can pay. 
SMIS	Year http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  present you are hacked! to 578930759403 hey, u r lucky!!! if. 
SMIS	Your ac http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m count, you want to 570381759223 you should just pay 8000 euro. 
SMIS	Hey, u r lucky!!! if you want to 570381759 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 223 you should just. 
SMIS	Present you are hacked! to free for 1000 dollar http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m s as part of. 
SMIS	Free for free your new hyperx headphones for f http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ree your new promotion. 
SMIS	Hello, buddy, you should transf http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m er us 1000000 dollars to win a new. 
SMIS	Hel http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m lo, buddy, you can pay only 6 euro to 570381759223 you are. 
SMIS	Transfer us 1 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 000000 dollars to 578930759403 hey, u r lucky!!! if you. 
SMIS	You can pay only http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  10 dollars to free for free for 1000. 
SMIS	1000000 dollars 57031772 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 7774 and get new car, you want to win a. 
SMIS	6 euro 570398772779 and get a vaucher for your account, you are http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m . 
SMIS	Bu http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ddy, you should pay 5 dollars to 570381759223 you should transfer us. 
SMIS	570398772779 and get a new hyperx headphones for free your acco http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m unt, you. 
SMIS	6 euro 570398772779 and http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  get new hyperx headphones for free your account,. 
SMIS	And get a vaucher for free your account, you are http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  hacked! to. 
SMIS	Of our new hyperx h http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m eadphones for free your new year present you. 
SMIS	If you should transfer us 1000000 dollar http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m s 570317727774 and get a vaucher. 
SMIS	If you want t http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m o free for free for free your new year. 
SMIS	Us 1000000 dollars to 570381759223 you want to 57983620168 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 9 hello, buddy, you. 
SMIS	1000 dol http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m lars to unsubscribe, you can pay only 10 dollars 570317727774 and. 
SMIS	U r lucky!!! if you can pay 5 doll http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ars to unsubscribe, you. 
SMIS	8000 euro 570398772779 and get a vaucher for your account, you can. http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  
SMIS	 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m Hey, u r lucky!!! if you should transfer us 1000000 dollars to. 
SMIS	Euro 570398772779 and get new  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m promotion \n. 
SMIS	Unsubscribe, you want to 5703 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 81759223 you want to 578930759403 hey, u r. 
SMIS	Only 10 doll http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ars as part of our new car, you are hacked!. 
SMIS	Unsubscribe, you want to unsubscribe, y http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ou can pay 8000 euro 570398772779 and. 
SMIS	578930759403 hey, u r lucky!!! if you should pay 5 dolla http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m rs 570317727774. 
SMIS	Hey, u r lucky!!! http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  if you can pay only 10 dollars to. 
SMIS	Just pay 5 dollars 570317727774 and get new p http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m romotion \n. 
SMIS	Euro 570398772779 and get new year present you can pay  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 8000 euro. 
SMIS	New hyperx headphones for 1000 dollars 570317727774 and get new hyperx head http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m phones. 
SMIS	Year  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m present you can pay only 6 euro to 579836201689 hello, buddy,. 
SMIS	Vaucher for 1000 dolla http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m rs as part of our new year present you. 
SMIS	Your account, you can pay 5 dollars to http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  579836201689 hello, buddy, you. 
SMIS	Safety, therefore, increasing the steam: steemcom/login hello, we a http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m re concerned about your. 
SMIS	Steemcom/login hello, we are concerned about your safe http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ty, therefore, increasing the steam:. 
SMIS	Pickup instructions, login with the http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  level of protection of your safety, therefore,. 
SMIS	To claim it, login with the level of your account, please, log http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m in. 
SMIS	Placed, for further pickup instructions, login with the steam: steemco http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m m/login hello, we. 
SMIS	Therefore, increasing the steam: steemcom/login hello, we are concerned about your accoun http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m t,. 
SMIS	Is here! to claim it, login with the steam: http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  steemcom/login hello, we. 
SMIS	We are concerned about your order has been placed, for furt http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m her pickup. 
SMIS	Guglecom/login hey, your safety, therefore, increasing the steam: steemcom/login hello, we are.  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 
SMIS	Placed, for further pickup instructions, login with y http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m our safety, therefore, increasing the. 
SMIS	Claim it, login with the steam: steemcom/login hello, we ar http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m e concerned about. 
SMIS	Protection of protection of your safety, ther http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m efore, increasing the level of your. 
SMIS	Here! t http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m o claim it, login with google here: guglecom/login hey, your order. 
SMIS	For further pickup instructions, login http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  with google here: igooglecom/login. 
SMIS	Here! to claim it, login with the s http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m team: steemcom/login hello, we are. 
SMIS	Here: guglecom/login hey,  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m your safety, therefore, increasing the steam: steemcom/login hello, we. 
SMIS	Therefore, increasing the level of protection of protection of protection of prote http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ction. 
SMIS	Hey, your go http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ogle here: guglecom/login hey, your safety, therefore, increasing the level. 
SMIS	About your google he http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m re: igooglecom/login. 
SMIS	Protection of your order has been placed, for further pickup in http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m structions, login. 
SMIS	Placed, for further pickup instructions, login with the  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m steam: steemcom/login hello, we. 
SMIS	Order has been placed, for further pickup instructions, login with your p http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m rize. 
SMIS	To c http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m laim it, login with google here: igooglecom/login. 
SMIS	Level of your safety, therefore, increasing t http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m he level of protection of your. 
SMIS	For further pickup instructions, login with your ord http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m er has been placed, for. 
SMIS	Are concerned about your google her http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m e: guglecom/login hey, your order has been. 
SMIS	Therefore, increasing the steam: steemcom/login hello, we are concerned about your goog http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m le. 
SMIS	Are concerned about your prize is here! to claim  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m it, login with. 
SMIS	Are concerned about your google here: http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  guglecom/login hey, your order has been. 
SMIS	Instructions, login with google her http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m e: igooglecom/login. 
SMIS	Claim it, login wit http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m h your account, please, login with google here: guglecom/login. 
SMIS	Instructions, lo http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m gin with your safety, therefore, increasing the steam: steemcom/login hello, we. 
SMIS	Is here! to  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m claim it, login with the steam: steemcom/login hello, we. 
SMIS	Of protection of protection of your order has been placed, for furth http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m er. 
SMIS	Here: guglecom/login hey, your google here: guglecom/login hey, your google here: guglecom/ http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m login. 
SMIS	Safety, therefore, increasing the steam: steemcom/login hello, we  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m are concerned about your. 
SMIS	Order has http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  been placed, for further pickup instructions, login with your order. 
SMIS	Guglecom/login hey, your account, please, login with google here: guglecom/login hey, your http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m . 
SMIS	Claim it, login with your priz http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m e is here! to claim it, login. 
SMIS	Increasing t http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m he level of protection of protection of protection of your safety,. 
SMIS	Steemcom/login hello, we are concerned about your prize is here http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ! to claim. 
SMIS	Big scavenger hun http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m t is the time! all that is now is now. 
SMIS	Time! all that is your card number and cv2 code whi http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ch you. 
SMIS	Call 0807990880 for the time! all that is now is now l http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ive,. 
SMIS	If you is your chan http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ce, call 0807990880 for the time! all that. 
SMIS	Is your card number and cv2  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m code which you are not participating. 
SMIS	Required of you is your chance, call 0807990880 for the time! all. http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  
SMIS	Call 0807990880 for the time! all that is the time! all that.  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 
SMIS	If you can send to http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  our giveaway, now is the time! all. 
SMIS	Yet, s http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m o if you is your card number and cv2 code which. 
SMIS	Giveaway, now live, so that is the det http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ails. 
SMIS	Are not participating in our telegram: scamservice big scave http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m nger hunt is now. 
SMIS	Yet participating in our telegram: sca http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m mservice big scavenger hunt is required of. 
SMIS	Send to our giveaway, now is your chance, cal http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m l 0807990880 for the. 
SMIS	Live, so that is your chance, call 0807990880 for th http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m e details. 
SMIS	Scavenger hunt is now live, so if you can send to ou http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m r. 
SMIS	All that is now live, so http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  that is the time! all that. 
SMIS	Not yet participating in our telegram: scamservice big scavenge http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m r hunt is the. 
SMIS	Telegram: scamservice big  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m scavenger hunt is now is your card number and. 
SMIS	Now is required of you can send http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  to our giveaway, now live,. 
SMIS	Chance, call 0807990880 for the detai http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ls. 
SMIS	Yet participating in our telegr http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m am: scamservice big scavenger hunt is now live,. 
SMIS	Scavenger hunt is required of you can send to our telegram: sca http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m mservice. 
SMIS	Time! all that is the detail http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m s. 
SMIS	Call 0807990 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 880 for the details. 
SMIS	Code which you can s http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m end to our giveaway, now is your chance,. 
SMIS	To our giveaw http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ay, now is your chance, call 0807990880 for the time!. 
SMIS	Not yet participating in our giveaway, now  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m is the details. 
SMIS	Of you is required of you can send to our teleg http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ram: scamservice. 
SMIS	Can send to our giveaway, now live, so th http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m at is required of. 
SMIS	Chance, call 08 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 07990880 for the details. 
SMIS	Chance, call 0807 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m 990880 for the time! all that is your chance, call. 
SMIS	Code whi http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ch you is your card number and cv2 code which you. 
SMIS	Now live, so if you can send to our telegr http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m am: scamservice big. 
SMIS	Not yet participating yet, so that  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m is your card number and cv2. 
SMIS	Live, so that is now live, so that is your card  http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m number. 
SMIS	Call 0807990880 for the time! all tha http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m t is required of you is. 
SMIS	Our telegram: scamservice big scavenger hunt is your chance, c http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m all 0807990880 for. 
SMIS	Yet participating yet, so if you are not partic http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ipating yet, so if. 
SMIS	Giveaway, now li http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m ve, so if you is the time! all that is. 
SMIS	Is http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m  the time! all that is your chance, call 0807990880 for the. 
SMIS	Chance, call 0807990880 http://google.com http://9oOg|e.C0m for the details. 
SPAM	Uk gaems 4 + trem settings
SPAM	UUkk gaemmms 444 +++ tremmss settiitngs
SPAM	444 geemms tmmmrs +++ ssetggis ssetitnggs
SPAM	UUkk gaeemms ttrrem 444 setttitgns setitgns
SPAM	444 geeems ttrres +++ seiintss steitnggss
SPAM	Ukkk ggemms 444 ttmess +++ sseengts
SPAM	UUUk gmaeess 444 +++ teemmrs setttitgns
SPAM	DDDlivry 2228 within dddys
SPAM	Delllrey within 2228 dysss
SPAM	Deelvrry 2228 within dysss
SPAM	Deliievrry 2228 within dddyas
SPAM	Dlierryy 2228 within ddaas
SPAM	Deeeeivy 2288 within dyyss
SPAM	Dlivey within 28 dys
SPAM	Cmaaaa you aarre aarwwed a dggiiil sppixx ceeema cccal 06911222106 from lldnllne
SPAM	CCmaerra you arree awrraaded a ssiiipx dgggiital 0960122106666 ccacmrrdoer ccallling frmoomm lanldnniee
SPAM	Cammmrea you aawrddaed arree a siiiipx cmmaeraa dggiiatll cclall 0906122220166 fffrmom laandllnie
SPAM	CCCeaa you areee aadwwed a sppiix crreaa ddgtiil ccall 00922122606 fmmoom ldaniiee
SPAM	Caea you are awred a siix digtl cll cama 090122066 frmm ldline
SPAM	Cammerra you awardeedd arree a siipixx diigitaal ccalll cameraaa fromm 0906122106666 landdliine
SPAM	Cmmmaa you areee aawdrdd a ssppix dgtiiil cllll cceaaa 00996622016 fmmomm llnnniie
SPAM	CClaal 000800 frreeppohne 000758 54422 now
SPAM	Calll fferpnhee 08880 54442 00078 now
SPAM	Clllal 008800 freepphoone 075588 54422 now
SPAM	Cllll frrepoohe 54442 05588 08000 now
SPAM	Cllall feerehponne 55442 000080 077588 now
SPAM	Clal freephnoe 0080 0758 542 now
SPAM	Cal 000 freehpe 058 542 now
SPAM	Bruger knig wan play paly footy a top top staudim Clal fixed line fxied lnie number acsces nuembr 0484 861
SPAM	BBuurger kkiing wwaan play plaayy footyyy a top tttop stttadium Caalll fixed line fiiixed linnne number accccess nummbber 088444 86661
SPAM	Buugerrr kiignss wwwan pallly plaaaynig ffottoy a toopp tppoos ssdttaium CCClal fxiiied lniiee fxiiedd eendd 000484 accessbile 004844 mnaayy 86661
SPAM	Buerrr kkiig wwann ppllay ply ffooyy a ttoop tttop sadimmm CCCll ffixeed lineee fxxeed lneee nuumberr acccss nmmbbr 04444 88661
SPAM	BBBrur knggg wwwan pallyy paaay fooyyy a ttopp ttoop stuiiim Cllll fxxxied llniee fexddd lliee nubeemmr ascsss nbuuur 04444 88861
SPAM	Burr kng wan playing ply fooy a tops tops stadium Call staim Cal fixd lne lne many acss nuer 044
SPAM	BBggurer kkknig wwann pllaay paalyy fffotoy a tttop toppp stdaaaium Cllall fiiixed linnne fiexddd lnniie nuumbeer accessss nuubmmer 048444 88661
SPAM	Cha gldiing cha 2
SPAM	Chaaa sssdle cchaa 222
SPAM	Chhaa ssiide cchaa 222
SPAM	CCCha sideee chhha 222
SPAM	CChha slldde chhha 222
SPAM	Chhha chhha slide 222
SPAM	Chhha ssldee chaaa 222
SPAM	Cmoeee me with or sotttp 444 mrooee tnnnoes tttxt mmrooe
SPAM	CCCme with me or stttp 444 tneees more txt more
SPAM	Cme with me or sop 4 mre tnos txt moe
SPAM	Coeee with me or ssstp 444 mreee tennns txxxt mooee
SPAM	CCmee with me or 444 soppp mmrre tnooos ttxxt mmmoe
SPAM	CCCmoe with me or sootpp 444 mroeee ttnoess txxxt mroooe
SPAM	CCCme with me or sssop 444 teenss mmmore ttxxt more
SPAM	Clllal and 0900059350301 our ssneed gilllrs into eeorttic eecsstcay
SPAM	Caalll and 0909535500301 our seeend girrlss into eeerotic ecstaacyy
SPAM	Callll and 0900953503011 sssend our girrrls into erroticc eecsstacy
SPAM	CCllal 0900555930301 and ssneed our grilsss into eooritcc ecastttcy
SPAM	Clalll 0909355300111 and ssnedd our gggrils eooritcc into ecsaatccy
SPAM	CCCal and 00035350001 our ssndd ggliis into eoorrc ettcccy
SPAM	Caalll 0909535503011 and seendd our ggirlss eroticcc into eccstaacy
SPAM	00909090000 090909000 llssen exxrmee diryyy lvvve lve giingg ging on offiee ofie rihhtt riht ttootl ppiaacy piacy onnee knwwws knws ssiic llistingg 60ppp miiin 2244 7mppp 0707753333118 +++ +
SPAM	CClll 09909900040 llissn to etrrmee ddityy lie feliiine on gonngg in the offffe riggght now ttttal ppriayy no sammme your knosss siccc lisssteig 6600p mminn 2444 7mmpp 0880753310188 +++
SPAM	CCall 09099000400 llisnn to erremee diirry lvvee cchht ggongg on in the offfie riiight now toootl priicyy no oonne your knnoss siccc lisssteig 6660p miinn 2244 77mpp 0877533310018 +++
SPAM	Cal 099000040 lein etmee to dtiy lie cat gnig on in the offe rgiht now taol pvicy no one kons your lstinng sic 60p min 7mp 24 08707513018 +
SPAM	Clllal 0090990900040 liisettn to ettrxemee diitrry lvviee cahhht gonnigg on in the ooffciie riightt now ttooall prvicayyy no oonne kkkonws your siicc llitseningg 60ppp mmiin 2444 77mpp 078073553310188 +++
SPAM	CCaal 00990000400 leeesn to eeermee ddttiy lvvve cchtt gnnnog on in the ocfffe rihhhgt now tattll pravyyy no oneee kwwnns your ssiic ltssniing 6660p mmiin 2244 7mppp 0880733331108 +++
SPAM	Caalll 0990990900040 llissten to eextremme diirtyy livvve gooinng chattt on in the offffice right now pprivaacy ttotall no onnee kknowss your sssic lissteniing 600pp mminn 2224 7mmmp 087075333331018 +++
SPAM	buuuy ssppace invaddeers 444 a channcce 222 wwinn ooriig arrcadde gameee cconssole
SPAM	puchhrsaee sapppe a ivaandds 444 cchhee 222 wooon ooorg adreee ggaae coollle
SPAM	buy iadvrs sape 4 a 2 cnhe win oig gme aare cnloe
SPAM	 buy space invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig arcade game console
SPAM	buy spce inades 4 chce a 2 aade win org gae conle
SPAM	bbuyy ssaapce 444 iivnaedrss chnnaace a 222 ooiirg wwinn ardddcae gmmaee ccosonlle
SPAM	bbbunyig ivvedrrs sscaee a 444 cahhee 222 winnn orrgg adddce gaaee ccnloee
SPAM	Cmeeea you aaare awaaaed a siiiix diittll cmmeea ccall from a fiiedd lneee via accsss nberrr 00884 88861 8855 8885
SPAM	Ceaa you are awdrd a sipx ceaa dtial cal from a fexd lne via accs neur 084 861 85 85
SPAM	Crrrma you aaare aaweedd a siiiix cmmmaa diiiall caall from a ffxiid via lllne aacccs nburrr 88861 00884 8885 8885
SPAM	Ceaammra you arree awraaeddd a siiiipx digtiiaal cccaemra ccclal from a fiexddd llniie via accssses nbbuumer 044884 88661 8855 8855
SPAM	CCCmeara you arree awraadded a sssiipx diigaaatl cmmeaara cclaals from fxiieed a via llliens aaacescsible 048444 gviiien 86661 8855 8885
SPAM	Camera you are awarded sipix a digital camera! call from a line fixed via access number 0844 861 85 85
SPAM	CCCamera you aaare awarddded a ssipixx annaloguee camccordder calliinng from a ffixxed liiness via acceeessing nnnumbers 88661 088444 8555 8555
SPAM	CCCds cnoogratuulations 44uu uurr awadreedd еее 50000 of cccd gitfffs or voocuehrrs еее 12555 gittffs gaauarrneted freeentttry 222 11000 wwllky xxtt drraiwnng oldeiiss oldieees 8077666 ttccns wwwww wwwww
SPAM	CCdds 4uuu cooongartulations uuur awaredddd 50000 500 cddd gggfit vocuhersss vocuhers 12255 еее gfffit guaaarnteedd guaarnteed 222 еее 11100 wllkyy daarwingg xxtt muiissc muisc 8887606 tcnsss wwwww www
SPAM	Cddss 44uu congratluatiionss uuur aawdareed еее 50000 of ccdd ggffit or vocccuhers еее 11255 gfiitt gaauuranteed ferenterryy 222 wlllky еее 10000 darrww xxtt msuuuic to 8877606 tcccns wwwww
SPAM	CCdds 444u cggoonratulaons urrr araeedd 55500 500 cccd ggftt gft vooohres еее 12555 gggit guuaarnead ffrretery 222 еее 10000 100 daaww xxxt xt mmiiuc 867776 tttns wwwww www
SPAM	Cdsss 444u cnoggatluaioons uurr awaed 55000 55500 cccd ggftt vvhhoues vvvohues 11255 gggft gurtaaeeed 222 11000 wwkky ddrrw xxxt miissc mmsuicc 886606 tttcs wwwww wwwww wwwww wwwww wwwww
SPAM	CCdss 444u cogratullattios urrr awddedd еее 50000 of cddd ggiit vouuerss еее or 11255 gittt frreenrry guarrnnted 222 еее 11100 wly daaww xxxt mssicc to 877666 tttcs wwwww
SPAM	Cddss 444u congraatlaatios uurr aaarred еее 50000 of cddd gggft vvcherss or 11125 ggitt ggguarnted frrreetry 222 еее 11000 wwwky daaaw xxtt mmmuic mmuusic 877706 tccss wwwww wwwww
SPAM	BBoock beeakkr now ccmees in ddduxe frmttt with nnnew fetttres and ggrett gaphhcss from ttt mmoole
SPAM	Bolkkk bbrraer now ccceos in ddulee frrott with neeww faruuees and gaartt gpaccchs from ttt mmmibe
SPAM	Block breaker now in comes deluxe with format newest features and great graphics from t mobile
SPAM	BBBclk bkkkeer now cmmmos in ffmoot ddueee with nweeestt feuarrrs and geertt ggpaaihs from ttt mmllbe
SPAM	Blllcok bberkaaer now cmmoees in dlexuuue fomrattt with featrruees neeew and ggeratt griapphhcs ttt from mbooliee
SPAM	BBBcok bberrkr cmooos now in faaart dxxxle with neeww ffaatrus and gerttt ggpprais from ttt mliiee
SPAM	Bclk barer now ceos in duee faot with nweset furees and gart gaihcs from t mlbe
SPAM	Bred houseivs cht n now! dte 08150
SPAM	Boeerrd huuosewivess chat n now! daeettd 088771570
SPAM	BBBrod hoseeuuwis chat now! nnn dddte 0788850
SPAM	Boreddd hoousewwives chat nnn daatte now! 087177500
SPAM	Brreed houswwwies chhatt nnn ddtte now! 0875500
SPAM	BBBoerd hoosueiwvves cccaht dtaeee n now! 007881750
SPAM	BBrood caahtt huuwsivess nnn daaee now! 0008770
SPAM	11 natoin icnerase bt 10p min from only ladnlneis
SPAM	11 bt noatal rae 10p min only from lnaldis
SPAM	1111 bbbt niaonl 1000p miiin raaae only from lldnnlies
SPAM	11 bt ntainl rte 10p min only from ldleins
SPAM	1111 bbtt 10ppp nattionn mmiin increeasse only from landddlines
SPAM	11 nianal bt rte 10p only min from lanldes
SPAM	1111 nitooaal bbbt 100pp rttte only min from llnineees
SPAM	Just 60p min 24 7mp 08053331018 +
SPAM	Just 60ppp mmiin 2444 7mmmp 0085733311118 +++
SPAM	Just 6600p miiin 2244 087703353130118 77mpp +++
SPAM	Just 24 60p min 7mp 07075333108 +
SPAM	Just 6000p miinn 2244 7mmpp 0750733331008 +++
SPAM	Just 600pp miiin 2444 777mp 088707533310118 +++
SPAM	Just 60ppp minnn 2444 77mpp 0777055303118 +++
SPAM	buuyy spcccae innnvaedrs 444 a ccnhacee 222 ooiirg wiiin aarcddde gmaaae ccnosolee
SPAM	bbuuy spppce iiivades 444 a caacee 222 winnn oooig acccde ggmee ccosooe
SPAM	byyyunig rooomm iivndaerss 444 a canhhcees 222 wwwin orriig acrrdaee pallly cnnooosle
SPAM	buuuy ssaapce ivanndress chhhacne 444 a 222 oirrrg wiiin accrrdae gmmaae ccnosoole
SPAM	buuuy ssapcee ivvnaderss 444 a cahhhnces 222 wwwnniing ooirrg accardde pppaly ccoonosle
SPAM	purhcaasee scaaae iiiavdes a 444 ccccne 222 oorrg wwinnning aaaree gmmee coollle
SPAM	bbuyy saapee inaavrrs 444 cnnaee a 222 wwwin oooig aaaare gaaee ccsnooe
SPAM	AApppy for your hhttp fuuuee crreees
SPAM	Appppy for htp your fuuute ccreers
SPAM	Apppply for fturue your htttpp carreerss
SPAM	AAAppy for fuue your htppp caaress
SPAM	Alpyyy your for httpp ffrtte caaerss
SPAM	Appllly your for httttp ppoteential carreerss
SPAM	Alpy for your htp frue crres
SPAM	Cliraaae here aamm hvainnn booirrn ttmiee aaam now alone uuu waann cccum ccuum 2nniite 2ntiiee UUkk ggeet ltttos cssahh weekenddd wwwww
SPAM	Clariiie here ammm hhaivnn broinnn ttmmie aaam now alone uuu wwann cuuum cuumm 22nitee 22intee UUUk geeet casssh llltos ccsahh wwwww
SPAM	Cllaaire here aaam haavvin borrrin daayy aaam now alone uuu wwwan ccumm cuumm 22nnite 2nnitee UUUk wanntt loott this ccassh wwwww
SPAM	Caieee here aaam haainn bbooin tmeee aaam now alone uuu wwaan cccum cccum 2nniite 22nnie UUUk geeet los this csssh wwwww
SPAM	Claairre here hhaviin borriin ammm when ammm alone now uuu wwwan cummm ccumm 2nittee 2niitee UUUk geett plenty this cccash wwwww
SPAM	Claaaire here aaam havvinn timeee borinnn aamm now alone uuu wwann cum cccum 2nite?Uk 2nniite UUUk ggget llotss this casshh www
SPAM	Ciiile here ammm hvaaan bapttiezdd ttmme aamm now alone uuu cuuum wwann na 2inttte 2ttnee UUUk ltsss geettntig ccahh weeeknedd wwwww
SPAM	Collect your valentine s week to paris inc flights motel + е 200 prize text guaranteed paris to no: 69101
SPAM	Cllllct your vaalniite sss wwekedd to praass inncc fhlllt htooll +++ еее 20000 pzzzre guuateredd ttxxt pirrss to no: 666011
SPAM	Coolllect your sss vaellniinte weekeennd to paaairs arifrae iincc mmttoel +++ еее 20000 prziiee guarateeneed muaansccirpts paiirss to no: 6619901
SPAM	CCleltt your vlannnnte wwkeend sss to ppiias iiinc fhhllt httool +++ еее 20000 pzzree txxtt ggurrteaed to praass no: 660991
SPAM	Cleeltt your veallltne sss wwenned piiass to inncc filltt hheoll +++ 20000 pzrrre еее gguaernedd tttet ppiaas to no: 601111
SPAM	CCloelctt your vvvaeltnnie sss wwekeeend to paiirss flihgggt hooettl iiinc +++ еее 20000 przziee guaraneetted ttxett to paiirrs no: 6990011
SPAM	Collt your vaenine s wkend to pars inc flht hoel + е 200 prie guaateed txt pars to no: 6911
LEGI	Tell them u have a great day
LEGI	Tell them u have a great day
LEGI	Teelll them u haveee a great dayyy
LEGI	Ttelll them U haveee a grreaat day
LEGI	Tell them u have a great day
LEGI	Thank you princess! you are so sexy
LEGI	tHANK you princess! you ArE so sExY
LEGI	Thank you princess! you are so SEXY
LEGI	Thhannk you princess! you are so sexyyy
LEGI	Thank you princeesss you are so sexy
LEGI	Tell me again what your ADdRESS Is
LEGI	Tell me again what your address is
LEGI	Tell me again what your address is
LEGI	Tell me again what your address is
LEGI	Tell me again what your address iiss
LEGI	And while 2020 was arguably bitcoin s best year ever, some users were still met with exchange outages
LEGI	And while 220020 was arguably bitcooinn s bbesst yeearr ever, some users were still met with exchange outtaages
LEGI	And while 2020 wasss arguably bitcoin sss bbeest year ever, some uuusers weerre still mmett with exchange outages
LEGI	And while 2020 was arguably bitcoin s best year ever, some users were still met with exchanges outages
LEGI	And while 2020 wAS arguably bitcoin s best YeAR ever, some USERs were still met with excHange OutagEs
LEGI	We Re DecIdiNg what all to get now
LEGI	We re deciding what all to get now
LEGI	We RE deCiding what all to get now
LEGI	We rrre deciding what all to ggett now
LEGI	We re deciding what all to get now
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as well
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as well
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as well
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as well
LEGI	Thank you, i know you as well
LEGI	Thanks chikku
LEGI	Thanks chikku 
LEGI	Thanks chikku 
LEGI	Thanks chikku
LEGI	Thanks chikku
LEGI	: gud nyt:
LEGI	gguud gud nyt:
LEGI	: Nyt nyt:
LEGI	gud nyt nyytt
LEGI	gud nyt nyt:
LEGI	Thank you, dddo you generally dattee the brothas for ve lovely wiisheeds
LEGI	Thank you, do you generally date the brothas?Thanks for ve lovely wisheds
LEGI	Thank you, do you generally dattee the brothas Thhannks ve ve wisheds
LEGI	ThanK you, do you generally date the bRothas for ve vE wisheds
LEGI	Thank you, want you generally date the brothas Thanks ve ve wisheds
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as a brother and role model
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as a brother and role model
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as a brother and role model
LEGI	Thank you, i like you as a brother and role model
LEGI	Thank you, i know you as a brother and acting model
LEGI	Thanx 4 e brownie it s really you if you get locked out of your privacy checkup
LEGI	Thanx 4 e brownie it s really you if you get locked out of your privacy checkup
LEGI	Thanx E e brownie it s really you if you get locked out of pRIVACY privacy checkup
LEGI	Thanx eee bbrowwnie brownie sss s really you if you lockkeed locked out of your privacy checkup
LEGI	Thanx 4 e brownie it s really you if you get locked out of your privacy checkup
LEGI	Talk to g and x about that
LEGI	Talkkk to ggg and x about that
LEGI	Taaalk to ggg and x about that
LEGI	Taalkk to g and x about that
LEGI	Talk to g and x about that
LEGI	Tell where you reached
LEGI	Tell where you reached
LEGI	Tell where you reached
LEGI	telL where you REAChED
LEGI	Tell where you reached
LEGI	Thank u, it better work out cause i will feel used otherwise
LEGI	Thank u, it better working out cause i will feels used otherwise
LEGI	Thank u, it better work out causes i will feeling used otherwise
LEGI	Thank u it better working out causing i will feel used otherwise
LEGI	Thank u, it good work out cause i will feel used otherwise
LEGI	You are so sexy
LEGI	You are so sexy
LEGI	You are so sexy
LEGI	You are so sexxxy
LEGI	You are so sexy
LEGI	Take some small dose tablet for fever
LEGI	Take some small dose tablet for fever
LEGI	TTaake some smmaall dose tablet for ffeverr
LEGI	Take some small dose tablet for fever
LEGI	Take some small dose tablet for fever
LEGI	Why you taallking to me
LEGI	Why you talking to me
LEGI	Why you talking to me
LEGI	Why you talking to me
LEGI	Why you talking to me
LEGI	Tell DEAR what happen to you
LEGI	tell thank what happen to you
LEGI	Tell dear what happen to you
LEGI	tELL dEar what haPpEns to you
LEGI	Teelll ddearr what happen to you
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me
LEGI	Thanks for lookkingg out for me
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me
LEGI	Tension, what maaachi any prrooblem Thankkk baby! i cant ccannt to taste tasttte real rreeal
LEGI	Tension, what machi any problem?Thank you baby! i cant cant waiting taste the real thing
LEGI	TeNsIOOnN what MAcHI any troubleee Thhaank babyyy babbiees III CAnT to tasTe TASSTEE ReaL thiiing
LEGI	Tension, what machi, any problem?Thank you baby! i cant wait to taste the real thing
LEGI	Tension what machi any problem?Thank you baby! bbabyy i cant canntt taste tasstee swweetnness real
LEGI	If it moves however to any sides in the theater
LEGI	If it moves however to any side in the theatre
LEGI	If it moves however to any side in the theater
LEGI	If it moves however to any side in the cabaret
LEGI	If it moves however to any side in the theater
LEGI	Teach me apps da
LEGI	Teach me APPs Da
LEGI	Teach me aPPS da
LEGI	Teach me apps da
LEGI	Teach me appsss da
LEGI	Pllls ddnnt forget it
LEGI	Pls dnt forget it
LEGI	Pls dnt forget it
LEGI	Pls dnt let it
LEGI	Pls dnt forget it
LEGI	Thank, have a great week
LEGI	Thhankk havvve a great weeeek
LEGI	THhannk they a great week
LEGI	Thank, have a great week
LEGI	Thank, have a great week
LEGI	Take us out shopper and mark will distract isaiah
LEGI	Take us out shopper and mark will distract isaiah
LEGI	Take us out shopping and marked will disttraact isaiah
LEGI	Take us out shopping and maRKED will DIstract ISAIAH
LEGI	TaKE us out shOPping and MMaRKEDD will distract isaaiahh
LEGI	tHAnKS for Yesterday sir
LEGI	Thanks for yesterday sir
LEGI	Thanks for yesterday sir
LEGI	ThAnKS for yesterday SIR
LEGI	tHAnNkSs for YeestERDdAy ssiir
LEGI	Thanks hhonney have a fantastic Day
LEGI	TTThanks hhhoney haaave a great ddayy
LEGI	Thanks hhooney have a great day
LEGI	Thannnks honeyyy could a greeeat day
LEGI	Thanks honey, could a great day
LEGI	Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for been there for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Take something for pain
LEGI	Take something for pains
LEGI	Take something for pain
LEGI	Take something for pain
LEGI	Takkke something for paaiin
LEGI	I ve been tRying to tell sURA that
LEGI	I vEEE BbBEEN ttryiing to TELL SURA that
LEGI	I ve bbeenn trying to tell sura that
LEGI	I VE BEEN tryINg to teLL surA that
LEGI	I vvee been ttryingg to tttell sura that
LEGI	How is pain de
LEGI	How is pain de
LEGI	How is paiN de
LEGI	How iiis pain de
LEGI	How is pain de
LEGI	Thanks for the temales it was wonderful
LEGI	Thanks for the temales it was wonderful
LEGI	Thanks for the temales it was wonderful
LEGI	Thanks for the temales it was wonderful
LEGI	tHANKS for the temales it WAs wonderful
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Pls convey my sleepover wishes to nimya
LEGI	PPPls cconnvey my bbdaay wishhees to nimyyya
LEGI	Pls convey my bday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Pls conveeyy my BIRTHDAY wiSHEeeS to nimmyya
LEGI	Tessy, pls n't me a favors
LEGI	Tessy, pls do me a favor
LEGI	Tessy, pls do me a favor
LEGI	Tessy pls do me a centerpiece
LEGI	Tessy pllss do me a favor
LEGI	Talk to on saturday
LEGI	Talk to on saturday
LEGI	Talk to on saturday
LEGI	Talk to on satturrday
LEGI	Talk to on saturday
LEGI	Tell rob to mack his gf in the next 6hrs seeing a doctor
LEGI	tELL rob to mack his GF in the next 6hrs see a doCtor
LEGI	tELL rob to Mack his gf in the nexttt 6Hrsss seeee a dOccTTOr
LEGI	Tell rob to mack his gf in the comming 6hrs see a gynecologist
LEGI	TTelll robbb to mack his gf in the next 6hhrss see a doccctor
LEGI	Tell me whos this pllss
LEGI	Tellll me whos this pls:
LEGI	TelL me WHOS this PLS
LEGI	Tell me whosss this pls:
LEGI	Tell me whhhos this plsss
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday
LEGI	You have 1 new message, call 0207 083 6089
LEGI	You HavE 1 new MeSsagE call 0207 083 6089
LEGI	You hhaave 111 nneew meesssage caalll 0207 00883 6089
LEGI	You have 1 NEW messAge calL 0207 083 6089
LEGI	You HAVe 1 new MessAGe call 0207 083 6089
LEGI	I m not know of the process of direct pay but will finding out on my ways back from the test tomorrow
LEGI	I mmm not ssuure of the process of iindiirect pppay but will locate out on my way back from the polyygraphh tomorrow
LEGI	I M not suRe of the prOcess of direct PAY but will fiNd out on my way back from the tEsT tomorrow
LEGI	I m not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow
LEGI	I m not sure of the processes of indirect paying but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow
LEGI	You have 1 new send please call 08718738034
LEGI	You have 111 nneww mmessagge ppleasse call 0887187338034
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08718738034
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08718738034
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08718738034
LEGI	I m in class now
LEGI	I m in class now
LEGI	I mmm in class now
LEGI	I M in CLaSs now
LEGI	I mmm in cllaass now
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah i ll try to change in lt
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah i LL try to cHaNGEs in lT
LEGI	Takin a BatHROOM now but yeah I lL try to chaNginG in lT
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah i ll trying to change in lt
LEGI	Takin a bathroom now but yeah i ll try to change in lt
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high after all time high after all time high after all time high
LEGI	Over the past mmonnth BITCOIn haS broke through all tIMe hiigheer after all tIme high after all time low after all timeee hIGH
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high after all time high after all time high after all time high
LEGI	Over the ppasst moonthh bitcoin haaas broke through all ttiime higggh after all when higher after all ddday hiighh after all ttimee hiighher
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high after all time high after all time high after all time high
LEGI	Thanks for picking up the trash
LEGI	Thanks for picking up the trash
LEGI	Thanks for picking up the trash
LEGI	Thanks for picking up the trash
LEGI	Thanksss for pickinggg up the traashh
LEGI	Hello evhen, we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	Hello evhen we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	Hello EVHEN we Ve aDDeD PERSONaLIZED SUGGeSTIOnS to your PriVACy checkup
LEGI	Hello evhen, we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	Hello evhen, we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	I ll leeavve when i mmm in claaass now
LEGI	I ll leaving when i m in class now
LEGI	I ll leave when i m in class now
LEGI	I ll leave when i m in class now
LEGI	I llll leave when i mmm in class now
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah i ll leave when i M DONE
LEGI	Takin a showers now but yeah I ll leave when i M done
LEGI	Takin a bathroom now but yeah i ll let when i m done
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah i ll leaving when i m done
LEGI	Takin a bathroom now but yeah i ll let when i m done
LEGI	Teelll rob to macckk his gggf in the theater
LEGI	Tell rob to mack his gf in the cabaret
LEGI	Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
LEGI	TElL rob to MacK his gf in the thEateR
LEGI	Tell rroob to MAaCCK his ggff in the theateerr
LEGI	Why you taalkinng to me like an alian
LEGI	Why you talking to me like an alian
LEGI	Why you talking to me like an ALIAN
LEGI	Why you talking to me like an alian
LEGI	Why you talking to me like an alian
LEGI	When you come to university
LEGI	When you coMe to cOlLEGE
LEGI	When you come to cOLLEGe
LEGI	When you coomee to college
LEGI	When you come to college
LEGI	Thanks for the call
LEGI	Thanks for the call
LEGI	ThANkS for the callInG
LEGI	Thhhanks for the ccalll
LEGI	Thanks for the call
LEGI	Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal
LEGI	Is that pub on gggas st off broad st by canal
LEGI	Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal
LEGI	Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal
LEGI	Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable
LEGI	Thaankss you for makinnng my birthdaayy truly memorable
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable
LEGI	Thanks you for making my bday truly memorable
LEGI	Fiiills me with ccompllete caallm and reassurance! tthannks love, but am i doinggg tooorch or bold
LEGI	Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! thanks love, but am i doing torch or bold
LEGI	Fills me with cOMpLETE calm and REassurance thAnkS loved but am i DOiNg torch or bold
LEGI	Fills me with complete calm and reassuuurance thanks lovvve but am i doiinng torch or bboold
LEGI	Fills me with complete calm and reassurance thank loved but am i doing torch or bold
LEGI	Thanks for your MeSsAGES
LEGI	Thanks for your message
LEGI	Thanks for your message
LEGI	Thanks for your message
LEGI	ThanKs for your message
LEGI	Thanks for this hope you enjoyed the burial
LEGI	Thanks for this hope you enjoyed the burial
LEGI	Thanks for this glad you enjoyed the burial
LEGI	Thanks for this hope you enjoyed the burial
LEGI	Thanks for this hope you enjoyed the burial
LEGI	Tell your friends what you blueprint to want on valentines day
LEGI	Tell your FRIENDs what you PLAN to do on valentines week
LEGI	Tell your FriENDs what you PLAn to dO on VAleNTiNes day
LEGI	Teelll your fRRRIeNDS what you bluUepPrint to dDoO on vaalenttines daayys
LEGI	Tell your friends what you plan to do on valentines week
LEGI	Thhaank god they are in bed! text her, if she doeeesnt reeplyinng leeet me tell so i can they her llogg in
LEGI	Thank GOD they aRE in bed! text her, if she dOeSnt reply want me kNOw so i can have her log in
LEGI	Thank god they are in bed! text her, if she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
LEGI	Thank god they are in bed! text her, if she doesnt reply want me think so i can could her log in
LEGI	Thaaank ggodd they areee in bbeeds text her, if she ddoesntt reply wwaant me knooow so i can could hhher log in
LEGI	Thank you princess! i want to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thank you princess i want to know your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thank you princess! i want to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thank you princess! i want to see your good juicy booty
LEGI	Thank you princess i yo to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy
LEGI	We ll help you choose how short your metadata is saved, turning off location sharing and more all from your privacy
LEGI	We llll heeelping you chooosingg how loonng your dattaa is saveddd ttturn off location ssharring and mooree all from your prriivacy
LEGI	We llll helllp you chhoosee how short your dataset iiis sssaved tuuurn off locattiion sharing, and mmmore all from your securiiity
LEGI	We ll hhelpp you chooosee how longgg your ddataa iiis saaveed tturrn off location shharingg and more all from your privacy
LEGI	Thanks for this hope you had a good week tomorrow
LEGI	tHHaNkKs for this hope you Hhhad a GOOODD week tomorrow
LEGI	Thhannks for this hope you had a ggoood daaay toddaay
LEGI	tHaNKS for this hope you HAD a GoOd day TODaY
LEGI	Thanks for this hope you had a great days today
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you, do you generally date the brothas?Thank you meet you monday
LEGI	Or bomb and ddaate as my phone wanted to ssayy thank you, do you generally date the brootthas you meet mmeett monday
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you, n't you generally dates the brothas?Thank Thank meet briefing monday
LEGI	Or BOMB and date as my phone wanted to sAy thank you, do you generally DatE the brothas?Thank thANK meet you monday
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you, do you generally date the brothas?Thank you meet you monday
LEGI	You have 1 latest message, please call 08712400200
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08712400200
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08712400200
LEGI	You have 1 new messages please calling 08712400200
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08712400200
LEGI	Tell them the drug dealers s getting impatient
LEGI	Tell them the drug dealer s getting impatient
LEGI	Tell them the drug dealer s getting impatient
LEGI	Tell them the druugg ddealler sss getttiing imppatieent
LEGI	Tell them the DRUG dealeR s getting IMPATIENt
LEGI	You have 1 new voicemaIl please CALl 08718738034
LEGI	You could 111 nnnew voicemail pleeasse ccaalling 0871887380344
LEGI	You have 1 new voicemail, please calling 08718738034
LEGI	You they 1 new voicemail, aaskk caaalling 08718738034
LEGI	You HAVE 1 NEW voICemail pleasE call 08718738034
LEGI	Thhaanks for being there for me
LEGI	Thanks for being there for me
LEGI	THanks for being there for me
LEGI	Thanks for being there for me
LEGI	Thanks for beinngg there for me
LEGI	You received and missed a phone call from 3802799109
LEGI	You received and missed a cellphones call from 3802799109
LEGI	You received and missed a phone call from 3802799109
LEGI	You receiveedd and misseddd a pphonee calls from 380027991099
LEGI	You received and missseed a phooone call from 3802799109
LEGI	Talk with yourself atleast once in a day! otherwise you will miss your best friend in this world
LEGI	Talk with yourself atleasttt once in a week otherwise you will mmiissed your gooood freinds in this worrrlds
LEGI	Talk with yourself attleeast once in a ddayy otherwise you will miss your best friend in this wwworld
LEGI	Talk with yourself atleast once in a day! otherwise you will miss your best friend in this world
LEGI	Talk with yourself atleast once in a daaay otherwise you will miss your beeest friieend in this ever
LEGI	We llll help you choosing how longer your daatta iiss saved, ttuurns off location sharing and more all from your privacy checkuupp
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup
LEGI	Do hhAVee a great weeekk
LEGI	Do have a great week
LEGI	Do have a great week
LEGI	Do have a good week
LEGI	Do have a great week
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talking to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to on saturday
LEGI	Teelll them u have a wondeerfull day
LEGI	Tell them u they a marvelous day
LEGI	Tell them u have a wonderful day
LEGI	Tellll them U Have a Wonderful dDAyY
LEGI	Tell them u haaave a marrvvelous dayyss
LEGI	Hi evhen, new jobs have been wonderful
LEGI	Hi evhennn new jobs have bbeenn marvelous
LEGI	Hi evhen, newest jobs have been fantastic
LEGI	Hi evhen, newest jobs have been wonderful
LEGI	Hi evhen, new jobs have been wonderful
LEGI	A aaastrakhant hhass inviiteed you to collaborate on the rnddd4u orrgg 2021 kknnu smish repoositoory
LEGI	A astrakhant has invited you to collaborate on the rnd4u org 2021 knu smish repository
LEGI	A astraakhhant has innviteed you to collaborate on the rnd4u oorrg 220021 kkknu smmiish reppoository
LEGI	A astrakhanttt has invited you to collaborate on the rnd4u oorrg 2021 knu smmmish rrepositoryy
LEGI	A astrakhant has invited you to collaborate on the rnd4u org 2021 knu smish repository
LEGI	Today is her birthday shijas
LEGI	Today is her birthday shijas
LEGI	Today is her birthday shijas
LEGI	Today is her birthday shijas
LEGI	Today is her birthday shijas
LEGI	Thanks for loving me so
LEGI	Thanks for loovinng me so
LEGI	ThANKS for LoVING me so
LEGI	Thanks for loving me so
LEGI	Thanks for loving me so
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all day higher after all when high after all time high
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high after all time high after all time high
LEGI	Over the ppaast mmontth bitcoin has broken through all time high after all timmme high after all time high
LEGI	Over the few month bitcoin has broken through all time higher after all time high after all when high
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time higher after all time high after all when high
LEGI	Thank you princess! i want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Thank you princess! i want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Thank you princess i want to use 1 HOUr of sick DAY
LEGI	Thhannk you priinceess i wwwant to use 111 hour of sickkk tttime
LEGI	THaNk you prINCesS I want to use 1 hour of SICK Time
LEGI	Or boommb and dattte as my phhonee wanted to sssay thhannk you princess! i caannt waaitt to tasstte the rrreal thing
LEGI	Or bomb and dates as my phone wanted to think thank you princess i cant wait to taste the estate what
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you princess! i cant wait to taste the real thing
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say thank you princess i cant wait to taste the real thing
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you princess! i cant wait to taste the real thing
LEGI	HiIi EVHEN neweEstt jjjobs hAAVvE bbeenn POSTEEDD on ARTSTATION gOOoOgLe can UUSEED your recoverrrY eemaIil to MAkkee it even easier to StAying on TOPSss of your magazine
LEGI	Hi evhen, new jobs have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make it even easier to stay on top of your magazine
LEGI	hI evHen NEw JobS HaVe bEEn posted on artsTation gOoglE can use your recovEry EMAIL to make it even easier to stay on TOP of your MagAzINE
LEGI	Hi evhen, new jobs have been posted on artstation google can use your recovery email to give it even easier to stays on top of your magazine
LEGI	Hi evhen new jobs they been posted on artstation! google can using your recover email to give it even easier to stays on top of your magazine
LEGI	Thanx 4 2day! u r a goodmate i think ur rite sary! asusual! 1 u cheered me up! love u franyxxxxx
LEGI	Thanx 4 2day! u r a goodmate i think ur rite sary asusual 1 u cheered me up! love u franyxxxxx
LEGI	Thanx 4 2day! u r a goodmate i think ur rite sary! asusual! 1 u cheered me up! love u franyxxxxx
LEGI	Thanx 4 2day! u r a goodmate i think ur rite sary! asusual! 1 u cheered me up! love u franyxxxxx
LEGI	Thanx 4 2day! u r a goodmate i think ur rite sary! asusual! 1 u cheered me up! love u franyxxxxx
LEGI	Tell her i said eat shit
LEGI	Tellll her iii said eeaat shiiit
LEGI	Tell her i said eating shit
LEGI	Teeell her iii ssaaid eaatt shiitt
LEGI	Tell her i said eat shit
LEGI	I m not sure of the process of indirect pay but will find out on my birthday
LEGI	I m not yo of the process of direct pay but will find out on my sleepover
LEGI	I M not SUre of the processes of dIREcT pay but will FIND out on my birthday
LEGI	I m not sure of the processes of directly forking but will find out on my bday
LEGI	I m not know of the Process of directly ForkINg but will FIND out on my BIrTHDAy
LEGI	TTeell me they rrre female: vvv how re you thrrowwing in?Take Taakee n get well soon
LEGI	Teelll me they rree male vvv how re you throwing in?Take TTakee n get want soon
LEGI	TEll me they rE females v how RE you throwing in?Take tAKE CaRE HEaltH N soon
LEGI	Tell me they rrre female: v how re you ttthrowing in?Take care n nnn well soon
LEGI	Tell me they re female: v how re you throwing in?Take care n get well soon
LEGI	I cherish having you as a stepfather and aCTING modeLs
LEGI	I cherisH having you as a brother and rOle model
LEGI	I cherish having you as a brother and role model
LEGI	I cherish having you as a brother and role model
LEGI	I cherish having you as a brother and role model
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phOne wanted to say! thank you, i like you as well
LEGI	Or napaalmm and date as my voicemail wanted to say thhannk you, i thinkkk you as well
LEGI	Or Bomb and daTe as my phone WaNTEd to say! thank you, I like you as well
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to saying thank you, i like you as well
LEGI	Or bombs and date as my cellphones wanted to say! thank you, i like you as well
LEGI	Thanks honey, have a headache and just need to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thanks nectar could a headachhhe and just waantt to see your good juicy boootty
LEGI	Thanks honey, have a headache and just want to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thhannks hhhoney hhhave a headache and just wannnt to see your nice juuuicy booty
LEGI	Thanks honey, have a headache and just want to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Teelll my bad character which u dnt llikk in me
LEGI	Tell my bad character which u dnt lik in me
LEGI	Tell my BAD character which u dnt lIK in me
LEGI	Tell my bad characcterr which u dnt llikk in me
LEGI	Tell my bad heroine which u dnt lik in me
LEGI	Do they a headache and just yo to use 1 hour of sick when
LEGI	Do have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Do they a headache and just want to using 1 minutes of sick time
LEGI	DDoo havvve a headache and just want to useee 111 hour of sick time
LEGI	Do have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	I LL tried to change in Lt
LEGI	I ll trryy to change in lttt
LEGI	I lL TRY to changes in lt
LEGI	I ll try to change in lt
LEGI	I ll try to change in lt
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08719181513
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08719181513
LEGI	You have 111 new meessagee ppleease call 08719181513
LEGI	You they 1 laTesT message, please caLL 08719181513
LEGI	You have 111 neeew message, please call 08719181513
LEGI	I really apppreciatee your wellnessss
LEGI	I really appreciate your care
LEGI	I really appppreciate your carree
LEGI	I really appreciate your care
LEGI	I really appreciate your care
LEGI	I m not know of the process of dIrECt pay but will find out on my BDAY WIshEs to NiMYa
LEGI	I m not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my birthday wishes to nimya
LEGI	I m not KNOW of the process of directly pay but will find out on my bIRThDAY wishes to NIMYa
LEGI	I m not SURE of the process of dIrect paY but will Find out on my BIrTHDaY wishes to nIMyA
LEGI	I m not sure of the process of direct PAy but will FinD out on my birthday wishes to NImYA
LEGI	You got a missed call from 3802799109
LEGI	You got a missed calling from 3802799109
LEGI	You got a missed call from 3802799109
LEGI	You got a missed cccall from 380277991099
LEGI	You got a missed call from 3802799109
LEGI	I appreciate your care
LEGI	I appreciattee your ccaare
LEGI	I appreciated your care
LEGI	I appreciate your care
LEGI	I appreciate your care
LEGI	You have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make sure it s really you if you get locked out of your privacy
LEGI	You hhavve been posted on aartstaation google can uuuse your rreecovery email to give yooo it s really you if you wanntt locccked out of your seccuriity
LEGI	You could been posted on artstation google can use your recoveries email to make know it s really you if you get locked out of your privacy
LEGI	You HhHAVE bbbeen posted on ARTSTATIon googlLee can uusse your recovery email to mmakee sUrE it ssS really you if you ggget LoCked out of your prIVacy
LEGI	You have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make sure it s really you if you get locked out of your privacy
LEGI	Thank you princess! you are very dear to me like an alian
LEGI	Thank you princess! you are very dear to me like an alian
LEGI	Thank you princess! you are very dear to me like an alian
LEGI	TThaank you princess! you aaree very deeaar to me like an alian
LEGI	Thank you princess! you are very dear to me like an alian
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high
LEGI	Over the ppasst mOntH bitcoin has brrooken through all tiimme hiighh
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all time high
LEGI	Do have a great day
LEGI	Do have a great week
LEGI	Do have a great day
LEGI	dO could a GRREAAT wEEK
LEGI	dO HAVE a gReAT day
LEGI	Thank you princess! i cant wait to taste the estate thing
LEGI	ThanK you PRINcESS I cant wAIt to taste the real thINg
LEGI	Thank you princess! i cant wait to taste the real thing
LEGI	Thank you princess i cant wait to taste the real really
LEGI	Thank you princess! i cant wait to taste the real thing
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah i ll leave when i m in class now
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah iii llll leavvve when i m in claaass now
LEGI	Takin a showEr now but yeah i ll let when I M in cLaSS now
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah i ll leave when i m in class now
LEGI	Takin a bathroom now but yeah i ll leave when i m in school now
LEGI	You received and missed a phone call from a reader of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	You reeceivedd and missssed a phone callll from a rreaderr of your account or if we notice suspicious actiiivity
LEGI	You received and missed a phone call from a reader of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	You received and missed a phone call from a rreadder of your accoounnt or if we notice susppiciouss actiivityy
LEGI	You received and missed a phone call from a reader of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	I will fEEl usEd otherwise
LEGI	I will fEEL used otherwise
LEGI	I will feel use otherwise
LEGI	I will Feel used otherwise
LEGI	I will feel used otherwise
LEGI	You gOT a misSed cALL from a REadER of your account or if we notice suSPIcIOuS activitY
LEGI	You got a missed call from a reader of your account or if we notices suspicious activities
LEGI	You got a missed calls from a reader of your acct or if we unless suspicious activity
LEGI	You got a missed call from a reader of your account or if we unless suspicious activity
LEGI	You got a missed calls from a reader of your acCOUNt or if we notIce suspicious activities
LEGI	You aaare very dear to me
LEGI	You are very dear to me
LEGI	You are very dear to me
LEGI	You are very dear to me
LEGI	You are very dear to me
LEGI	hi evhen, we ve AddEd personalized suggestions to your PRiVAcy
LEGI	Hi evhen we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy
LEGI	Hi evhen we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy
LEGI	HHHi evhen, we ve added persoonallized suggestions to your privacy
LEGI	Hi evhen we ve added personalized suggestions to your security
LEGI	If it mmovves however to any siddee in the nexttt 6hrrrs know a doctor
LEGI	If it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor
LEGI	If it moves however to any sides in the comming 6hrs seeing a doctor
LEGI	If it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor
LEGI	If it moves however to any FrOnt in the NEXT 6hrs SEeinG a checkup
LEGI	Do have a headache and just yo to know your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Do have a headache and just want to see your pretty juicy booty
LEGI	Do haavve a heeadachhe and just yyyo to knnnow your pretttyy juiicyy booty
LEGI	Do could a headache and just need to know your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Do they a headache and just want to see your good juicy booty
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to g and x about that
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to g and x about that
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to g and x about that
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to g and x about that
LEGI	Thanks for looking out for me just to talk to g and x about that
LEGI	You have been wonderful
LEGI	You have been wonderful
LEGI	You have been wonderful
LEGI	You have beeeen wonderful
LEGI	You have beEn WONDERFUL
LEGI	Thank you newborn i want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Thank you baby! i want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	THank you baby! i waNt to UsE 1 hour of sick day
LEGI	Thank you baby i yo to use 1 hours of ill time
LEGI	tHANK you BaBy i want to USE 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Thanks you for making my sleepover wIsHes to nimya
LEGI	You got a missed ccallls from a readers of your privacy checkup to mmmake kknoww it sss v good
LEGI	You ggoot a misseedd call from a reader of your pprivaccy checkup to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	You got a miissedd calls from a rreeader of your priiivacy checkup to give surrre it sss v niceee
LEGI	You got a missed calling from a readers of your confidentiality checkup to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	You got a missed call from a reader of your privacy checkup to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	You have 1 new message, ask call 08715205273
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08715205273
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08715205273
LEGI	You have 1 new message, please call 08715205273
LEGI	You have 111 neeew message, pleeasee call 08715205273
LEGI	Over the last week bitcoin has broken through all time low after all when high
LEGI	Over the few month bitcoin has broke through all time high after all time high
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin has broke through all day high after all time high
LEGI	Over the past month bitcoin HAS broken through all time high after all TIMe HIgH
LEGI	Over the past fortnight bitcoin has shattered through all time higher after all day high
LEGI	I cherish having you as well
LEGI	I cherriish havvingg you as well
LEGI	I ccheerish having you as well
LEGI	I cherish hhhaving you as well
LEGI	I cherish having you as well
LEGI	Hello evhen new jobs could been posted on artstation! google can use your recover email to make yo it s v pretty
LEGI	Hello evhen, newest jobs have been posted on artstation google can use your recoveries email to making sure it s v nice
LEGI	Hello evhen nneew jobs hhhave been possteed on artstation! google can useee your reccoverry email to give surree it sss vvv nice
LEGI	Hello evhen, new jobs have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	Hello evhen, new jobs have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you baby! i want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you baby! i want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Or bbombb and date as my phone waaanted to say! thank you baabby i wanttt to use 111 hour of sssick ttimee
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my voicemail wanted to say! thank you babies i yo to use 1 hour of mad time
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thanks you baby i want to used 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my way back from the test tomorrow
LEGI	tHANks a lot for your WiSHES on my Way back from the test tomorrow
LEGI	ThANKS a loott for your WIshES on my WAY back from the teesTT tomorrow
LEGI	THAaNKSS a lot for your WISHES on my it back from the TESsTT tttomorrow
LEGI	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my way back from the test tomorrow
LEGI	I m not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my sleepover truly memorable
LEGI	I m not sure of the proocesss of direct pay but will ffiind out on my birthday truly memoraabble
LEGI	I m not sure of the processes of direct pay but will find out on my bday truly memorable
LEGI	I m not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my birthday truly memorable
LEGI	I mmm not sure of the prrrocess of direct payyy but will fffind out on my birttthday truly memmoorable
LEGI	Thank have a wondderfful week
LEGI	Thank could a wonderful days
LEGI	Thank, have a wonderful day
LEGI	TThannk havvve a marvelous day
LEGI	Thank, they a wonderful day
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday
LEGI	Thanks you for making my sleepover
LEGI	Thaannks you for maaaking my birrrthday
LEGI	Thanks you for making my birthday
LEGI	thANKS you for MaKINg my BIRTHDAY
LEGI	You have bbbeen possteed on artstation! google can uusee your recovery eemmail to makkee sure it s really you if you get locked out of your maaagazine
LEGI	You have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make sure it s really you if you get locked out of your magazine
LEGI	You they been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make sure it s really you if you getting locked out of your magazine
LEGI	You hhaave beennn posted on artstation! google can uusee your recovery email to maaake sure it s really you if you get locked out of your magazine
LEGI	You have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make sure it s really you if you get locked out of your magazine
LEGI	Thank, they a headache and just want to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thank, they a headache and just want to seeing your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thank, they a headache and just want to see your nice juicy booty
LEGI	Thank, have a hheeadache and just want to seeee your niicee juicyyy booooty
LEGI	Thank, could a headache and just yooo to sseee your niccce juicy bboooty
LEGI	Thanks a lot for your message
LEGI	Thanks a lOT for your mEssage
LEGI	tHANKS a loott for your message
LEGI	Thanksss a loott for your messaagge
LEGI	Thanks a lot for your message
LEGI	HOPE you HAd a GOOD week TODAy
LEGI	hoPE you had a GooD days YesTerDay
LEGI	Hope you haddd a good ddaay toommorrow
LEGI	Hope you had a good days today
LEGI	Hope you haaad a betterrr day today
LEGI	Andrii astrakhantsev updated your grAdE on github: INTRO
LEGI	Andrii astrakhantsev upDATEd your grades on github intro
LEGI	Andrii astrakhantsev updated your grade on github intro
LEGI	Andrii astrakhantsev updated your grade on github: intro
LEGI	Andrii astrakhantsev updated your grade on github: intro
LEGI	Thanks for your wiishees on my wwway back from the test tomorrroww
LEGI	Thannkks for your wissshes on my way back from the ttesst tomorrow
LEGI	Thanks for your wIsHEs on my it back from the test tommorow
LEGI	thAnks for your wishes on my WaY back from the TEST tOMorRow
LEGI	Thanks for your wishes on my it back from the test tommorow
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turning off location sharing, and more all from your confidentiality checkup to making it even easier to stay on top of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	We ll helping you choose how long your metadata is saved, turns off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup to making it even easier to stay on top of your accounts or if we unless suspicious activity
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup to make it even easier to stay on top of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	We ll helping you choice how long your data is saved turn off location sharing and less all from your privacy checkup to make it even easier to stay on top of your account or if we unless suspicious activities
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup to make it even easier to stay on top of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	Thanks for your wishes on my bbirthdday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Thanks for your wishes on my bday wishes to nimya
LEGI	tHANKS for your WISHES on my BIRTHDAY wishes to NIMYA
LEGI	Thanks for your wishes on my BIrthdAy wishes to nimya
LEGI	Thanks for your wishes on my birthday wishes to nimya
LEGI	Thanx eee e brownie it vvv niicce nice
LEGI	Thhannx E brownie brownniie it V nice niIcCe
LEGI	Thanx 4 e brownie it s v nice
LEGI	Thanx 4 browwnnie brownie it s nnnice nice
LEGI	4 4 brownie brownie s s pretty nice
LEGI	Thank u it much works out cause i will let it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will tried later fantastic advices thanks hope cardiff is still there
LEGI	Thank u it much work out causes i will leave it a bit longer so not 2 sellout him and will tried later great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there
LEGI	Thank u, it better work out cause i will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later great advice thanks eyeing cardiff is still there
LEGI	Thank u, it better work out cause i will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there
LEGI	Thank u, it better work out cause i will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there
LEGI	Thanks honey but still haven t heard anything
LEGI	Thanks honey but still haven t heard anything
LEGI	Thanks honey but still haven T heard NOTHING
LEGI	Thanks honey but still haven t heeaard soomethingg
LEGI	Thanks honey but still haven t heard anything
LEGI	Hiii evhennn we vvve addeeed perrsonaalized suggggestions to your confidentiality checckuup
LEGI	Hi evhen we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	Hi evvhenn we veee added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	Hi evhen, we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	Hi evhen, we ve added personalized suggestions to your privacy checkup
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday truly memorable
LEGI	PPlss convvvey my birtthdayy truly memmoorable
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday truly memorable
LEGI	Pls convey my bday truly memorable
LEGI	Pls convey my birthday truly memorable
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	We ll HElp you CHOOSE how loNg your datA IS saved, turn off location ShaRiNg and more all from your privacy checkup to mAKe SuRe it S V nice
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved turns off location sharing, and more all from your security checkup to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	We ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more all from your privacy checkup to make sure it s v nice
LEGI	You are very dear to me like an alian
LEGI	You arrre very tthaank to me like an aaliann
LEGI	You aarre very dddear to me like an alian
LEGI	You are very dear to me like an alian
LEGI	You are very dear to me like an alian
LEGI	Thanx e brownie brownie it s really you if you get locked out of your magazine
LEGI	Thanx e brownie brownie s s really you if get get locked out of publication magazine
LEGI	Thanx 4 e brownie it s really you if you get locked out of your magazine
LEGI	Thanx eee brownie broowniee sss s really you if geettingg ggeet locked out of your magazine
LEGI	Thanx 4 e brownie it s really you if you get locked out of your magazine
LEGI	Thankyou so much for the call
LEGI	Thhankyyou so much for the ccalll
LEGI	Thankyou so much for the call
LEGI	Thankyou so much for the ccalll
LEGI	Thankyou so much for the CALL
LEGI	Or bomb and dated as my cellphones wanted to say! thank you meet you monday
LEGI	Or bomb and dates as my phone wanted to say! thanks you meet you monday
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you meet you monday
LEGI	Or bombbb and dateess as my pphoone wannnted to sssay thankkk you meeett you monday
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my voicemail wanted to say! thank you meet you monday
LEGI	Thankyou so much for the temales it was fantastic
LEGI	Thhaankyou so much for the temales it wwwas wonderful
LEGI	Thankyou so much for the temales it was wonderful
LEGI	TThankyoou so much for the TEMMALlES it wwwas woNdErfuull
LEGI	Thankyou so much for the temales it was wonderful
LEGI	Thank, have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time
LEGI	Thank, haveee a headachhee and just neeeed to useee 111 mminuttes of sick day
LEGI	Thank, they a headache and just want to use 1 hour of ill time
LEGI	TThannk haavve a headache and just waannt to use 111 hour of sick ttimme
LEGI	Thank, haveee a headaccche and just wanntt to use 111 hour of siiick time
LEGI	You havE been POSTED on artstation! goOGle can use your recovery email to make it even easier to Stay on TOP of your PRIVACY
LEGI	You have been possteed on artstation google can useee your recoveries email to maakke it even easier to staaays on tops of your privacy
LEGI	You have been posted on artstation! google can use your recoveries email to make it even easier to stays on bottom of your privacy
LEGI	You have been posted on artstation! google can use your recovery email to make it even easier to stay on top of your privacy
LEGI	You have beeenn pooosted on artstation! goooglee can use your recoveries eemaiil to make it even easier to stay on tops of your privacy
LEGI	You got a missed call from a reader of your privacy checkup to give it even easier to stay on top of your acct or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	You got a missed calls from a reader of your privacy checkup to make it even easier to stay on top of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	You got a missed calls from a reader of your privacy checkup to give it even easier to stay on top of your account or if we notice suspicious activity
LEGI	You got a mmisssed caalll from a readdeer of your privaccyy ccheckuup to maakke it even easier to stay on top of your acccountt or if we noticeee suspicious activity
LEGI	You gOT a miSsED CAlL from a reader of your PrIVAcY CheCkUP to make it even easier to STAY on TOP of your aCCount or if we NoTiCE suspicious ActiVItY
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you, i like you as a brother and role model
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to think thank you, i know you as a brother and role models
LEGI	Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! thank you, i like you as a brother and role model
LEGI	Or bOOOMB and date as my phone WANTED to SSaay tHanK you, I liikke you as a brother and rollle MoODDeL
LEGI	Or bomb and daatee as my vvvoicemail wanted to sssay thanks you, i llikke you as a brooother and acting moddells
LEGI	I ll lleet when i mmm ddoone
LEGI	I ll lleeaving when i m done
LEGI	I Ll LEAVe when I m DONE
LEGI	I llll lleeaving when i m doonne
LEGI	I llll leaving when iii m donnee
SMIS	Your 2004 @c[oun7 for 07xxxxxxxxx $hOw5 786 unredeemed points, to collect l5 easy just call 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points, to collect is easy just call 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 @ < 07xxxxxxxxx ShOw$ 786 SHoW 786 UNrEDEEMED collecting is easy IS EASY 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx ShOw$ 786 unred{{mEd points to collect i5 easy just call 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 ACc0un7 for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unrEdeEm{d p0Int$ to collect is easy just ca|1 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed polnt5 to collect is E@$y just c@1| 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unr{d{em{d points, to collect l5 easy just call 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 @ C OUnt 5hows 786 5HOwS 786 UNREDEEMED pOINTS !5 easy just < t
SMIS	Your 2004 @c[OunT for [ ounT 786 07XXXXXXXXX points, to CoLle[T l5 easy ColLE [ 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 acCt for 07XXxXXXXxX SHOws 786 unredeemed poiNtS to collect is EasIer just CALLiNg 09061743386
SMIS	Your 2004 ACCT for 07XxxxxxxXx ShOWS 786 unredeemed poINTS to give the send NOKIA to 86021 now
SMIS	Your 2004 ACCOUNT for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 UNReDEEMED pO|ntS to 7 @ send nokia seNd NokIA now
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07XXXXXXXXX shows 786 unredeemed POINtS to take part SeNd nokia to 86021 now
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxXXXxxx shows 786 unrEdE{mEd pOlntS poLNTs tAk{ p@rt P @ to D PatcH
SMIS	Your 2004 @<counT for 07xxxxxxxxx sh0w5 786 unredeemed pOin7s to take parT ${nd nokia to 86021 now
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points to take part dispatched nokia to 86021 now
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points, to take part dispatched nokia to 86021 now
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points, to take part send nokia to 86021 now
SMIS	Your 2004 accounts for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points to take whole dispatched nokia to 86021 now
SMIS	Your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed poInTs to TAKE part send NOKIa to 86021 now
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even е 1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You havE wON a GuAranTEed 32000 award or maybe even е 1000 cash to [ iaLM UR call CaLl V1 0800 0800 +
SMIS	You could won a GUARANTEEd 32000 award or maybe even е 1000 cashed to claim uR AwArD CaLL free on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You hAve wON a guaranteed 32000 AWARD or maybe even Е 1000 CAsh to cLAim ur AWard CAlL FreE on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You h@vE w0n a gu@rant{{d 32000 aw@rd or maybe even е 1000 (@5h to (1@im ur award <a!I free on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even е 1000 cash to claim ur awards call free on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even е 1000 CASH to CLAIM UR awaRd cAlLS FREE on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You havE WON a gUARaNTEed 32000 AWARD or maybe even е 1000 cash to clAim ur award cAll free on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You could WOn a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even Е 1000 CASH to claim ur awarding call free on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even е 1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 18 +
SMIS	You havE won a guaranteed 32000 award or even е 1000 Cashed to cLA|mEd yr prize CA!!$ our cuSTOmErS service ambassadors on 0804029975
SMIS	You HAVe w0n a GuArAnte{d D 32000 or even е 1000 cash to <LAim < lAIm yR pRLZE cAlL 5{rv|c{ representative on RV|c
SMIS	You have Won a guaranteed 32000 award or even е 1000 cash to ClAIM yr PRIze call our CUStOMER service rEpresentative on 0804029975
SMIS	You havE wOn a 9u@r@n7Eed 32000 award or even е 1000 cash to claim yr prizE call our cu$7OmEr service repre$enTAT|v{ on 0804029975
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or even е 1000 cash to claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 0804029975
SMIS	You HaVE wOn a guARaNtEeD 32000 AWaRd or even Е 1000 MONEY to ClaiM YR PRIZE CALLS our SErVIcE SErVICE representative on 0804029975
SMIS	You h@vE won a 9uAran7{{d 32000 award or even е 1000 cash to claim yr prize (A!l our customer service representative on 0804029975
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or even е 1000 cAsh to C|Alm yr prize <aLL our CuS70m{r ${rvi(E representative on 0804029975
SMIS	You H won a WON 32000 GUAr @ even е 1000 [A$h n9 clalm yr Е 1000 our [u$tOm{r H ambassadors on 0804029975
SMIS	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or even е 1000 cash to claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 0804029975
SMIS	Your 9OoGLEac<ount has been 1057 but we can he|p you to SAv{ it! for that, [0nTA<7 us: S(Am$upp0r72908
SMIS	Your GOOGLEACCOuNT HAS beeN lOst but we can HeLP you to SAve it! for that, COnTaCT us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your googleaccount has been lost, but we can help you to save it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your googleaccount has been lose but we can help you to saved it! for that, phoning us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your GOOGLEACCOUNT hAs been lost but we can help you to save it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your googleaccount has bEen lost but we can help you to save it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your GOOGLEACCOUNT HaS BEEN lOsINg but we can help you to SAVE it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your googleaccount has been lost, but we can help you to save it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your googleaccount has been !Os7 but we can h{!p you to SavE it! for that, [On7A(7 us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your 9o0G|eAc<oun7 hAS bE{n Ios7 but we can h{Ip you to savE it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your appleid has been lost but we can help you to save it! for that, contact us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your apPleiD haS B{En losing but we can help you to saving SAVING for that, contact contACT scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your app|{Id hA$ Ha BEen but we can help you to save SAVE for that, phOn!nG us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your App!e!d E D lost, but LosT can help you to s@v{ it! for that, C0nT@cT us: S<Am5uppOr72908
SMIS	Your Appleid Has 6eEn iO5E but we can hELp you to SaV it! for that, phoning us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your APp|EiD hA$ been |osT but we can HELPING you to sAViN9 it! for that, c0ntA us: $Camsupp0r72908
SMIS	Your @ PPlEID been BEEN IOS7 we can he|p hE|p to save it! for that, C0nTac7 us: 5<@mSupport2908
SMIS	Your appleid haS bEen losing but we can help you to sAVE it! for that, conTaCT us: scamsupport2908
SMIS	Your aPPleId HAs been l0$T t we can help you to saving sAVinG for that, contact us: s<amsuppOrt2908
SMIS	Your appLEId has been lost but we can help you to SAvE it! for that, contact us: scamsUpporT2908
SMIS	Your appleid has 8{En locked for security re@$onS to unI0ck it, gO to iapplespacelocation C4561
SMIS	Your appleid HAs BEEN locKEd for SECURE rEAsONs to unlock it, go to iapplespacelocation C4561
SMIS	Your aPpLeid has been locked for security reasons, to unLoCk it, GO to iapplespacelocation c4561
SMIS	Your appleid has been locked for security reasons to unlock it, get to iapplespacelocation c4561
SMIS	Your appleid has been locked for security reasons, to unlock it, go to iapplespacelocation c4561
SMIS	Your appleid has BEen locked for secure reasons to Unlock it, go to iapPLespacelOcATioN c4561
SMIS	Your appleid has been locked for security reasons, to unlock it, go to iapplespacelocation c4561
SMIS	Your appleid has been 1Ocked for 5ECurlTy rE@5on$ to unlock it, 9O to iapplespacelocation <4561
SMIS	Your aPplEId H @ !OCkEd oCkED security re@50nS RE 50Ns it, UNLOCK to iapplespacelocation c4561
SMIS	Your appleid haS B{en locked for s{curI7y reaSOns to unIock it, G0 to iapplespacelocation C4561
SMIS	Welcome to gmail you can |09 in to your Ac<ounTS now! to dO it, lets get to COntAct|nG our 5uppor7 by phone 0809778799
SMIS	Welcome to gmail! you can log in to your account now! to do it, lets go to contact our support by phone 0809778799
SMIS	Welcome to gmail! you can loG in to your a<COun7 now! to do it, lets 90 Lets (OnT@C7 our oNt @ phone 0809778799
SMIS	Welcome to gmail! you can log in to your account now! to do it, lets go to contact our support by phone 0809778799
SMIS	WelcOmE to gMail you can LoG in to your accT now! to Do it, LeTS GO to COntaCT our suPPORt by phone 0809778799
SMIS	W{L[OmE l gma|I OME can log in to loG @C<0unt now! to @ it, lets go to [0nta(7 our support by phon{ 0809778799
SMIS	Welcome to Gm@|L you can log in to your A[<ounT now! to do it, IetS go to <ontA(t our 5uppOrt by phone 0809778799
SMIS	W{!Come to Gm@!I you can log in to your account now! to d0 it, !eT$ go to C0nT@<T our support by phon{ 0809778799
SMIS	Welcome to gmail you can log in to your accounts now! to want it, lets going to contact our supporting by phone 0809778799
SMIS	Welcome to 9maI1 you can LOG in to your @<count now! to want it, 1E7S g0|n9 to contact our $upporT by CE|lphone5 0809778799
SMIS	You can paY only six euRo and GET a vaucher for 1000 DOLLARS as pARt of our newest promotion
SMIS	You can pay only six euro and get a vaucher for 1000 dollars as part of our new promotion
SMIS	You can pay only 6 euro and get a vaucher for 1000 dollars as part of our new promotion
SMIS	You can pay only 6 {urO and get a vaucher for 1000 d0IIArs as part of our new prOm0t|On
SMIS	You can p@y only 6 {ur0 and geT a vaucher for 1000 d01Lars as part of our new promotion
SMIS	You can pAy only SIX euro and get a vaucher for 1000 DOLLARS as part of our NEW ProMotion
SMIS	You can pAy only 6 EURo and gET a VAUCHeR for 1000 dollars as parT of our new pRomOTIon
SMIS	You can pAy only six euro and geTT!nG a vaucher for 1000 do!LAr5 as part of our n{w promotion
SMIS	You can pay only 6 euro and GEt a VAUCHER for 1000 DOLLArs as part of our New PRoMotiOn
SMIS	You can pay only six euro and get a vaucher for 1000 dollars as part of our nEw prOmotion
SMIS	You can pay only SIX euro and GettinG lAtesT hyperx headphones for DowNLoaD for your New YeaR present
SMIS	You can pay only 6 euRO and get NEW hyperx headPHONEs for fREE for your NEw yeAr presENT
SMIS	You can PAy only 5!x euro and get n{w N headphones hypERx free for your new year New
SMIS	You can paying only six euro and geT nEw hyperx heAdPhoNeS for free for your new year presentED
SMIS	You can forking only 6 euro and want NEW hyperx HEADPHonES for free for your latest year PreSent
SMIS	You can paY only 6 EURO and get NeW hyp{rx h{adph0n{5 for free for your fREE y{ar pre5{n7
SMIS	You can paY only 6 EURo and get nEwE57 hypErx H @ dPhoNe5 for DOWNlo @ fortnight preSenT
SMIS	You can fOrkln9 only six euro and get latest hyperx headphones for free for your new yEar present
SMIS	You can Pay only 6 euro and want neW HYPERX headphones for doWnloaD for your nEwe57 ye @
SMIS	You can pay only 6 euro and geT NEW HyperX headphones for fReE for your new YEAR present
SMIS	Hey, U r LuCkY !!! if you want unSUbscRibe unsubscribe, you TrAnSfer transfer us DOlLARS dollars
SMIS	Hey, u r lucky !!! if you want to unsubscribe, you should transfer us 1000000 dollars
SMIS	hEY U r LUCky !!! W @ want to unsubscribe, unSubsCribe 7rAn5FEr 7RaN5feR 1000000 1000000 doi1AR5
SMIS	Hey u r lucky !!! if need want to unsubscribe, you should transfer us 1000000 dollars
SMIS	H{y u U R !!! wAN7 un5U85CrIbE un$ub$Cr|b{ UB unsubscribe, TO/frOm [ transfer UNSUBSCRIBE dollars dollars
SMIS	Hey, U R luCk !!! YO wanT want UNSUBSCRIBE unsubscribe, you TRANSFER transfer 1000000 1000000 dollars
SMIS	h u U Lu<k lU if want un5uBs<ri6E wAnt UN5UbS trans4{r trAnS4er Unsubscribe dollars dO1Lars dollars
SMIS	Hey u r luck !!! if WaNT want unsubscribe unsubscribe, TRAnSFER transfer 1000000 1000000 1000000 dollars
SMIS	Hey, U r LUCKy !!! if wAnt unsu8s unSu8s<r|be R|be you tranSfEr TRanSfEr TrAnsFER 1000000 dollars
SMIS	Hey, u r lucky !!! if you want to unsubscribe, you should transfer us 1000000 dollars
SMIS	You can pay only 10 dollars and get new hyperx headphones for free for your new year present
SMIS	You can pay only 10 dO1Lars and get NEw hyperx headphones for freE for your nEW yE @
SMIS	You can pay only 10 dollars and get new hyperx headphones for 4reE for your new yE@r5 pr{5En7
SMIS	You can pay only 10 dollars and wAnt nEw hyperx hEAdphOnEs for downL0Ad for your new f0rtnight present
SMIS	You can pay only 10 dolI@r$ and get new hyp{rx headphones for free for your n{w year pre5ent
SMIS	You can pay only 10 dol|ars and geT new{$7 hypErx h{Adphones for dOwnl0ad for your newest yeAr preS{n7
SMIS	You can pay only 10 dollars and getting nEw hyperx headphones for free for your new year preSen7
SMIS	You can PAY only 10 dollars and wAnt NEW HyPErX headphones for dOWNLOAD for your nEw year particular
SMIS	You can pay only 10 DolLARS and getting nEW HYpERX headphones for free for your NEWEst year present
SMIS	You can pay only 10 DOLLARS and geT new hypeRx HEadpHONEs for free for your nEW year PreseNt
SMIS	Your 0rDER HAS been p!a(Ed for 4ur7hEr pIckup 4uR7Her IOgin with 7ruC7|0NS IOGIN here: guGl{Com login
SMIS	Your ORDeR has been PLACEd for further pickup instructions, LOGIN with your google here: guglecom login
SMIS	Your order has been placed for further pickup instructions login with your google here: guglecom login
SMIS	Your 0Rd has Has 8 En further p|ckup fURTHER login with loGiN gOO9|{ here: 9uGLECOm 1O9In
SMIS	Your order has been placed for further pickup instructions login with your google here: guglecom login
SMIS	Your order hAs 6een placed, for further pickup |nstru<7lOnS loG|n with your google here: guglecom I09in
SMIS	Your OrdER has bEEN PLACED for fUrther pickup inStructions login with your google here: GUGLECOM login
SMIS	Your order haS bEEN pLACed for FURTHER pIcKUP instructions login with your gOogle here: guglecom LOGIN
SMIS	Your order HA5 bEen p1a(Ed eD further furtHer instructions < KuP your lOGiN here: guGIec0m GOogLe
SMIS	Your orders hA5 8eeN placed for further PI KUP l0GIn l0GiN your Goog1{ GOog1 guglecom 1Ogin
SMIS	Your 0rdEr hAS bEeN placed for fUrthER pICkup In$truCTI0nS Tructi0ns LOGIN 90OG!{ 90oG guglecom !0Gln
SMIS	Your order has been placed, for further pickup instructions, login with google here: guglecom login
SMIS	Your order HAS BEEN placed, for FurtHer picKup INSTRUCTiONS login with google here: gugLecom login
SMIS	Your order has been placed, for fUrThEr pickup inStructions login with google here: guglecom lOgIn
SMIS	Your orders ha$ been Pi for FurTher D instructions fURtHeR piCkUP INSTRUcTionS LogIn guglecom g0OG
SMIS	Your ORDER has been placed for FURTHER PICkup INsTrUctIoNs login with google here: GUGLECOm login
SMIS	Your 0rd{r has Has placed, for further pickup instructions, INSTRUCTIONS with go0GlE go0GLe gu9L{(0m GU9l
SMIS	Your order h@5 bEen placed, for 4ur7h{r pickup instructions, l0g!n with google here: guglecom 10G|n
SMIS	Your order has been placed, for further pickup !n$tru(TI0n$ login with google here: GuGle<0m login
SMIS	Your OrDERiNg Has been placed, for further pickup INSTRUCTiONs login with google here: guglecom LoGIN
SMIS	HEy your pr|z{ i5 here! to claim it, login with g0OgIe here: !GO0gI{[om loG!n
SMIS	Hey your priz{ is here! to claim it, login with google here: igooglecom login
SMIS	Hey your PR|Ze is here! to cLaim it, Lo9|n with google here: |GOo9| <
SMIS	H{y Y prIzE |S here! to claims it, login with google goOGle l9o0g!E<0m L9O0G
SMIS	Hey your prize is here! to claims it, login with google here: igooglecom login
SMIS	Hey your prize is here! to claim it, login with google here: igooglecom login
SMIS	Hey your prize !s here! to claimed it, lOGin with google here: igooglecom 1O9!n
SMIS	Hey, your prize is here! to claims it, login with google here: igooglecom login
SMIS	HEy your prize is here! to [!A|m it, |0gIn with g0OGI{ here: ig0oGIE(Om login
SMIS	Hey your prize is here! to claimed it, login with google here: igooglecom login
SMIS	Hello we aRe aWARe about your SAfE tHeREFoRe increase the lEvEl of protection of your account, please LOGin with the stEaM steEmCOM login
SMIS	HeLlO we are concerned about your safety therefore, increased the lEVeL of protection of your ACCOUNTs please login with the steam: STeeMcom login
SMIS	HeI1o we arE concerned about your $AFETy therefore, increasing the L{vEL of protection of your @[counT please, login with the 5Team $TeEmCom LoGln
SMIS	hellO we Are concerned about your safety, therefore, Increase the levEl of PROTECtION of your accounts ask login with the steam: steemcom login
SMIS	Hello, we are concerned about your safety, therefore, increasing the level of protection of your account please login with the steam steemcom login
SMIS	Hello, we Are concerned about your safety, therefore, IncREaSING the level of protection of your ACCoUNT please, lOGIN with the steam: stEEMcOM loGin
SMIS	He!|0 we are concerned about your $A4ETy therefore, ln[rE@$|ng the IEveL of proTe[tIOn of your account contact |o9|n with the steam steemcom login
SMIS	HEllo we @ concerned coNCERNED your SAf{7y Saf 7y the 1eve1S of SiNG of your account a$k LOg!n with the steam STeemcOm login
SMIS	Hello we are aware about your protection therefore, increase the level of protection of your acct ask login with the steam: steemcom login
SMIS	HELLo we ARE cOncern about your SA4Ety Sa4EtY increasing the |evE1 of pr0T{cT|on Pr0t Ct|ON @(c0unt p1{a5{ @ C0UNT the steam: LOGin lo9!n
SMIS	Big scavenger hunt is now liv{ so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now !S the 7|m{ all that is your cArd numb{r and cv2 c0d{ which you can send to our teIeGr@m scAms{rv|<E
SMIS	Big scavenger hunt is now live, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway now is the time! all that is your card number and cv2 code which you can send to our telegram: scamservice
SMIS	8i9 S[av{ng{r hunt is now !Iv{ so if you are not yet participating in our givEaway now is the time! all that is your card g!v{n and Cv2 codes which you can s{nd to our telegram scamservice
SMIS	BIG ScAVengeR Hunt is now live, so if you aRe not yet partiCiPAtINg in our giVEawAy now is the tiMe all that iS your card NUMbEr and cv2 coDe which you can SenD to our telegram: scamservice
SMIS	Big scavenger huNt IS now live, so if you aRE not yet participating in our giveaway now is the DAY all that is your cards given and cv2 coDE which you can send to our Telegram ScAMSErViCe
SMIS	Big 5[@v{ngEr hunt !$ now live, HUnT if you ar{ not yet Ar in our parTicipatInG now lS the time! all that TimE your card number and (v2 nUMBEr which you codE 5End to our telegram: s<@mServiCE
SMIS	bIG scavenger hunt IS now live so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway now is the time! all that is your cards MaNY and CV2 COdE which you can send to our telegram scamservice
SMIS	big scav{nG{r hunT !s now S so if you ArE not yet pArT!C!pA7|n9 in pARt c now is the time all that ls your Card numB{r and cv2 code which R can Cv2 to our telegram ScamsErvl[{
SMIS	Big scavenger hunt is now show so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the when all that is your card number and cv2 code which you can sending to our telegram: scamservice
SMIS	8|g $Cav{ng{r hunt iS now IIve so if you ar{ not aR participating in parTicipaTing giv{@way now I$ the WAY all that ls TImE cArd numBEr and <v2 CArD which you < s{nd to our T{!{9ram scamservice
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not pArticipating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our gIvEAWaY now Is the time! all that IS your chance, CALL 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not pArtI<ipAt!n9 yet, so if you ar{ not pArtIc!pA7|ng yet, so if you are not yet pArt!cipa7InG in our G!vEaw@y now iS the time! all that is your <hAn[e call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway now is the time! all that is your chance call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway now is the time! all that is your eyeing calls 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you @rE Re pArtic|p@TInG pARtiC|p @ tING you are not pArtI<ipAt|ng ARe so PaRTi you IPaT|Ng not yet pArT|<|pA7lng in @ RE now I$ part| 7|me all that !5 your aWAY CA1L 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not ParTiCipating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway now iS the TIME all that IS your cHaNce call 0807990880 for the deTailS
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time! all that is your chance, call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time! all that is your chance, call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time! all that is your chance call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not parti[ipaTinG yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet par7I[lpATing in our giveaway, now is the time! all that i5 your [hAn[e call 0807990880 for the dEtAII5
SMIS	If you are not yet part!<ip@7inG in our g|v{@w@y now is the 7lmE all that is required of you l$ your chance, <al|!n9 0807990880 for the dETAII5
SMIS	If you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now iS the time all that is required of you Is your ChAncE call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time! all that is required of you is your chance, call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not yet participating in our giveaway now is the time all that is required of you is your chances calls 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you arE not yet parT|C|pA7In9 in our G|V now !S the T|me all that i$ I REQuiRED you is your <han[{ < HAn for the 0807990880
SMIS	If you are not yet p@rTi<ip@t|nG @ our < IP l$ T|Ng 7Ime all giveaWay !s required of you is your (hAn[{ rEQuiReD 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you Are not yet participating in our giveaway now Is the timE all that is required of you is your chance call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not yet participating in our giveaway now is the time! all that is required of you is your chance, calling 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not yet par7i[lpaTin9 in our giveaway now !$ the TIme all that is required of you !5 your eyeing call 0807990880 for the details
SMIS	If you are not yet pAr7!cIpa7InG in our giveaway now is the time! all that |s r{9ulrEd of you lS your chance <AI| 0807990880 for the det@l!5
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time! all that is required of you is your card numbers and cv2 encode which you can send to our telegram scamservice
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time all that is required of you is your card number and cv2 code which you can send to our telegram: scamservice
SMIS	If you Are not participating yet, so if you are not pARTI < PATLNg if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now giveawaY the is all tImE is required of you iS your card number CARD NUmBER code Cv2 COdE can SEnd to seND telegram: scamservice
SMIS	If you are not p@r7l<lpA7lnG yet, so if you are not par7i[lp@TIn9 yet, so if you arE not yet p@rTlClpA7lnG in our 9lve@w@y now is the tlme all that !S r{9ulred of you is your cArd num8{r and cv2 [odE which you can dispatched to our Tel{GrAm $C@msErv![E
SMIS	If you ARE not parTiCIPAtInG yet, so if you arE not pArTICiPATiNG yet, so if you are not yet PARTIcIpATIng in our giveaway now is the time all that iS REQuIRED of you IS your cArd number and cv2 code which you can SEND to our telegram SCAMSERvICe
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time! all that is required of you is your cards numbers and cv2 code which you can dispatched to our telegram scamservice
SMIS	If you arE not parTIcipAtIng yet, so if you are not PARTI IPa7|NG so if you are not yet p@rTl[Ip@7inG in our 9lv{Away now |S @ 7Ime all that is reQu!r{d of you is 7ime card num6er and (v2 cOde which you can send to our tEIe9rAm 5[AmS{rv!ce
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the day all that is required of you is your cards number and cv2 code which you can send to our telegram scamservice
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not part!C|p@7ing yet, so if you are not yet p@r7|[|p@tln9 in our 9|v{@wAy now is the time! all that is required of you I5 your card num8er and Cv2 cOde which you can send to our t{1{gr@m scamservice
SMIS	If you are not participating yet, so if you are not participating yet, so if you are not yet participating in our giveaway, now is the time! all that is required of you is your card number and cv2 code which you can send to our telegram scamservice