LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
LEGI  Tell where you reached
LEGI  Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
LEGI  Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
LEGI  Its a part of checking IQ
LEGI  Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
LEGI  Finished class where are you.
LEGI  U can call me now...
LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI  K. Did you call me just now ah? 
LEGI  Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
LEGI  You will be in the place of that man
LEGI  Yup next stop.
LEGI  Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
LEGI  Lol your always so convincing.
LEGI  We're done...
LEGI  Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
LEGI  K tell me anything about you.
LEGI  Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
LEGI  Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
LEGI  WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
LEGI  Fair enough, anything going on?
LEGI  Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
LEGI  Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
LEGI  I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
LEGI  Are you there in room.
LEGI  K..k:)how much does it cost?
LEGI  I'm home.
LEGI  First answer my question.
LEGI  He is there. You call and meet him
LEGI  No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
LEGI  K, text me when you're on the way
LEGI  Sir, Waiting for your mail.
LEGI  K..i deleted my contact that why?
LEGI  Ok... Ur typical reply...
LEGI  I have already finished the conversation.  Call me please.
LEGI  I'm leaving my house now...
LEGI  I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
LEGI  What time you coming down later? 
LEGI  U still going to the mall?
LEGI  Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
LEGI  Lol no. U can trust me.
LEGI  Haha awesome, be there in a minute
LEGI  Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
LEGI  How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
LEGI  Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
LEGI  Did u got that persons story
LEGI  Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
LEGI  U call me later at 11 ok.
LEGI  Sounds great! Are you home now?
LEGI  Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
LEGI  I have to take exam with march 3
LEGI  Ok no prob. Take ur time.
LEGI  Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
LEGI  Same. Wana plan a trip sometme then
LEGI  Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
LEGI  Thanx...
LEGI  Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
LEGI  Okie...
LEGI  Are you this much buzy
LEGI  I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
LEGI  I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI  Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already
LEGI  Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
LEGI  He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
LEGI  You made my day. Do have a great day too.
LEGI  No problem. How are you doing?
LEGI  Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
LEGI  How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
LEGI  I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
LEGI  Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
LEGI  What is the plural of the noun research?
LEGI  Going for dinner.msg you after.
LEGI  Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
LEGI  Check audrey's status right now
LEGI  Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
LEGI  Cool, text me when you're ready
LEGI  Can you say what happen
LEGI  You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.:)
LEGI  Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
LEGI  Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
LEGI  Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
LEGI  Alright i have a new goal now
LEGI  Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
LEGI  Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
LEGI  At home watching tv lor.
LEGI  LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
LEGI  10 min later k...
LEGI  hanks lotsly!
LEGI  Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
LEGI  Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
LEGI  Great. Never been better. Each day gives even more reasons to thank God
LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later ok bye
LEGI  Almost there, see u in a sec
LEGI  I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
LEGI  Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
LEGI  Are you free now?can i call now?
LEGI  Lol ok your forgiven :)
LEGI  Were gonna go get some tacos
LEGI  That's very rude, you on campus?
LEGI  I'll be late...
LEGI  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
LEGI  Please note that the megabytes in your additionl online package are running out.
LEGI  Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
LEGI  Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
LEGI  When are you going to ride your bike?
LEGI  Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
LEGI  Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
LEGI  Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
LEGI  I know that my friend already told that.
LEGI  Can you open the door?
LEGI  Waiting for your call.
LEGI  I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
LEGI  I am great! How are you?
LEGI  I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
LEGI  Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
LEGI  Be happy there. I will come after noon
LEGI  Meet after lunch la...
LEGI  TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn
LEGI  Neva mind it's ok..
LEGI  It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
LEGI  For my family happiness..
LEGI  Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
LEGI  Thank u!
LEGI  That one week leave i put know that time. Why.
LEGI  If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)
LEGI  I wanna watch that movie
LEGI  I'm in class. Did you get my text.
LEGI  God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
LEGI  Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.
LEGI  Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates
LEGI  Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?
LEGI  Yes we are chatting too.
LEGI  HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX
LEGI  Sian... Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... U working now?
LEGI  Are you going to write ccna exam this week??
LEGI  Well i will watch shrek in 3D!!B)
LEGI  Am i that much dirty fellow?
LEGI  Dunno dat's wat he told me. Ok lor...
LEGI  I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
LEGI  I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night
LEGI  If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
LEGI  Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?
LEGI  Sent me ur email id soon
LEGI  May i call You later Pls
LEGI  That's the way you should stay oh.
LEGI  Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!
LEGI  What time is ur flight tmr?
LEGI  When should I come over?
LEGI  * Will be september by then!
LEGI  And how's your husband.
LEGI  Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
LEGI  Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
LEGI  I am in your office na.
LEGI  "Are you comingdown later?"
LEGI  I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen
LEGI  I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
LEGI  I hate when she does this. She turns what should be a fun shopping trip into an annoying day of how everything would look in her house.
LEGI  Sir, i am waiting for your call.
LEGI  What's up. Do you want me to come online?
LEGI  It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting
LEGI  I'll let you know when it kicks in
LEGI  You call him now ok i said call him
LEGI  Mom wants to know where you at
LEGI  Aight, I'll text you when I'm back
LEGI  Watching tv now. I got new job :)
LEGI  This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
LEGI  I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS
LEGI  Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
LEGI  Sorry, I can't help you on this.
LEGI  I think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. I jog.
LEGI  No. On the way home. So if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over
LEGI  Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
LEGI  Probably earlier than that if the station's where I think it is
LEGI  Good Morning plz call me sir
LEGI  Uh, heads up we don't have THAT much left
LEGI  Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?
LEGI  Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
LEGI  I love working from home :)
LEGI  And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
LEGI  Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
LEGI  Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml – hope ok.
LEGI  Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
LEGI  No prob. I will send to your email.
LEGI  Fine i miss you very much.
LEGI  Did u receive my msg?
LEGI  Have you finished work yet? :)
LEGI  Oh is it? Send me the address
LEGI  Then why no one talking to me
LEGI  Thanks for looking out for me. I really appreciate.
LEGI  Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
LEGI  When did you get to the library
LEGI  Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
LEGI  Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
LEGI  Thanks for picking up the trash.
LEGI  Happy New year my dear brother. I really do miss you. Just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. Abiola
LEGI  Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
LEGI  I borrow ur bag ok.
LEGI  Then why you not responding
LEGI  On the road so cant txt
LEGI  Your brother is a genius
LEGI  Sorry, I guess whenever I can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? I'll text you
LEGI  Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
LEGI  Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
LEGI  Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
LEGI  On ma way to school. Can you pls send me ashley's number
LEGI  Are you this much buzy
LEGI  what is your account number?
LEGI  26th OF JULY
LEGI  Hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? I get home tomorrow at 5ish.
LEGI  I can't, I don't have her number!
LEGI  Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
LEGI  Ya, told..she was asking wats matter?
LEGI  Don know..wait i will check it.
LEGI  I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
LEGI  Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
LEGI  Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
LEGI  I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished
LEGI  I'm at work. Please call
LEGI  Then u drive lor.
LEGI  No my mum went 2 dentist.
LEGI  Jus finish bathing...
LEGI  alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight
LEGI  You can never do NOTHING
LEGI  Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
LEGI  NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
LEGI  Ok ill tell the company
LEGI  Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
LEGI  Not tonight mate. Catching up on some sleep. This is my new number by the way. 
LEGI  I am not having her number sir
LEGI  Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
LEGI  Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
LEGI  Yo, you around? Just got my car back
LEGI  Annoying isn't it.
LEGI  K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
LEGI  Take something for pain. If it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor.
LEGI  Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
LEGI  Howz that persons story
LEGI  LOL that would be awesome payback.
LEGI  Nvm it's ok...
LEGI  Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
LEGI  We not leaving yet. Ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat. U thk...
LEGI  Dont know you bring some food
LEGI  No current and food here. I am alone also
LEGI  Hello. They are going to the village pub at 8 so either come here or there accordingly. Ok?
LEGI  Ok
LEGI  Omg it could snow here tonite!
LEGI  Carry on not disturbing both of you
LEGI  Hope you are having a great day.
LEGI  Did either of you have any idea's? Do you know of anyplaces doing something?
LEGI  The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly "what i want to do," not "what i need to do."
LEGI  K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
LEGI  I got lousy sleep. I kept waking up every 2 hours to see if my cat wanted to come in. I worry about him when its cold :(
LEGI  Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
LEGI  The battery is for mr adewale my uncle. Aka Egbon
LEGI  I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI  Wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
LEGI  Oh ic. I thought you meant mary jane.
LEGI  Haha... Really oh no... How? Then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
LEGI  Good night. Am going to sleep.
LEGI  Aight I'll grab something to eat too, text me when you're back at mu
LEGI  Okay... I booked all already... Including the one at bugis.
LEGI  No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
LEGI  So dont use hook up any how
LEGI  How much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
LEGI  Hi where you. You in home or calicut?
LEGI  Hey darlin.. i can pick u up at college if u tell me wen & where 2 mt.. love Pete xx
LEGI  Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
LEGI  Sir, I am waiting for your mail.
LEGI  .Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
LEGI  Nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no..
LEGI  He didn't see his shadow. We get an early spring yay
LEGI  Is there any training tomorrow?
LEGI  Then. You are eldest know.
LEGI  And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
LEGI  ELLO BABE U OK?
LEGI  Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
LEGI  For real tho this sucks. I can't even cook my whole electricity is out. And I'm hungry.
LEGI  You want to go? 
LEGI  I hope you know I'm still mad at you.
LEGI  Do you know when the result.
LEGI  Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing.
LEGI  Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
LEGI  Well I'm going to be an aunty!
LEGI  Mine here like all fr china then so noisy.
LEGI  Later i guess. I needa do mcat study too.
LEGI  S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
LEGI  Spoke with uncle john today. He strongly feels that you need to sacrifice to keep me here. He's going to call you. When he does, i beg you to just listen. Dont make any promises or make it clear things are not easy. And i need you to please let us work things out. As long as i keep expecting help, my creativity will be stifled so pls just keep him happy, no promises on your part.
LEGI  If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
LEGI  Carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute
LEGI  Well done and ! luv ya all 
LEGI  Then why you came to hostel.
LEGI  K still are you loving me.
LEGI  But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
LEGI  After the drug she will be able to eat.
LEGI  Alright took the morphine. Back in yo.
LEGI  You see the requirements please
LEGI  So can collect ur laptop?
LEGI  I will once i get home
LEGI  Waaaat?? Lololo ok next time then!
LEGI  The table's occupied, I'm waiting by the tree
LEGI  I surely dont forgot to come:)i will always be in touch in with you:-)
LEGI  I dont have i shall buy one dear
LEGI  Oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
LEGI  What year. And how many miles.
LEGI  I think you should go the honesty road. Call the bank tomorrow. Its the tough decisions that make us great people.
LEGI  Is she replying. Has boye changed his phone number
LEGI  hi my darlin im on my way to London and we have just been smashed into by another driver! and have a big dent! im really missing u what have u been up to? xxx
LEGI  Nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed
LEGI  I'm not coming home 4 dinner.
LEGI  Thank you. And by the way, I just lost.
LEGI  Yes.he have good crickiting mind
LEGI  Thx. All will be well in a few months
LEGI  I wont. So wat's wit the guys
LEGI  Hiya, had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?
LEGI  See? I thought it all through
LEGI  I'm at work. Please call
LEGI  Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
LEGI  I don,t think so. You don't need to be going out that late on a school night. ESPECIALLY when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday
LEGI  Who u talking about?
LEGI  Yup...
LEGI  Ok...
LEGI  Er yep sure. Props?
LEGI  Yes.i'm in office da:)
LEGI  Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
LEGI  Do u noe how 2 send files between 2 computers?
LEGI  Can you just come in for a sec? There's somebody here I want you to see
LEGI  So the sun is anti sleep medicine.
LEGI  What's happening with you. Have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency
LEGI  Yup ok...
LEGI  Glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
LEGI  Ok enjoy . R u there in home.
LEGI  Can you pls pls send me a mail on all you know about relatives coming to deliver here? All you know about costs, risks, benefits and anything else. Thanks.
LEGI  You do what all you like
LEGI  The monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till 6months after finishing school.
LEGI  Hmmm:)how many players selected?
LEGI  I dont. Can you send it to me. Plus how's mode.
LEGI  Package all your programs well
LEGI  Honestly i've just made a lovely cup of tea and promptly dropped my keys in it and then burnt my fingers getting them out!
LEGI  Yup but not studying surfing lor. I'm in e lazy mode today.
LEGI  Please sen :)my kind advice :-)please come here and try:-)
LEGI  I'm done. C ü there.
LEGI  Oh fine, I'll be by tonight
LEGI  Ü give me some time to walk there.
LEGI  I'll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
LEGI  Are you still getting the goods.
LEGI  And maybe some pressies
LEGI  Yeah I am, so I'll leave maybe 7ish?
LEGI  K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
LEGI  You in your room? I need a few
LEGI  I dont want to hear anything
LEGI  Hey. For me there is no leave on friday. Wait i will ask my superior and tell you..
LEGI  Ultimately tor motive tui achieve korli.
LEGI  From 5 to 2 only my work timing.
LEGI  … and don‘t worry we‘ll have finished by march … ish!
LEGI  Now thats going to ruin your thesis!
LEGI  Hey whats up? U sleeping all morning?
LEGI  Erm. I thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
LEGI  I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
LEGI  Yup i'm elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
LEGI  Goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr.
LEGI  Hi happy birthday. Hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
LEGI  I will be outside office take all from there
LEGI  Aight, see you in a bit
LEGI  Still work going on:)it is very small house.
LEGI  Okie... Thanx...
LEGI  Gosh that , what a pain. Spose I better come then.
LEGI  Okie
LEGI  "Im at arestaurant eating squid! i will be out about 10:30 wanna dosomething or is that to late?"
LEGI  You call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
LEGI  :-) yeah! Lol. Luckily i didn't have a starring role like you!
LEGI  Hello madam how are you ?
LEGI  Yes. It's all innocent fun. O:-)
LEGI  Thanks for sending this mental ability question..
LEGI  I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI  How come?
LEGI  Lol! Nah wasn't too bad thanks. Its good to b home but its been quite a reality check. Hows ur day been? Did u do anything with website?
LEGI  I'm coming home 4 dinner.
LEGI  I know I'm lacking on most of this particular dramastorm's details but for the most part I'm not worried about that
LEGI  No way I'm going back there!
LEGI  I WILL CAL YOU SIR. In meeting
LEGI  Thank god they are in bed!
LEGI  Why she wants to talk to me
LEGI  They can try! They can get lost, in fact. Tee hee
LEGI  My friends use to call the same.
LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI  You might want to pull out more just in case and just plan on not spending it if you can, I don't have much confidence in derek and taylor's money management
LEGI  Text me when you get off, don't call, my phones having problems
LEGI  Sorry da:)i was thought of calling you lot of times:)lil busy.i will call you at noon..
LEGI  Its sarcasm.. .nt scarcasim
LEGI  Want to finally have lunch today?
LEGI  Do you know when dad will be back?
LEGI  Yes. They replied my mail. I'm going to the management office later. Plus will in to bank later also.or on wednesday.
LEGI  I am 6 ft. We will be a good combination!
LEGI  I'm on da bus going home...
LEGI  I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
LEGI  I'm okay. Chasing the dream. What's good. What are you doing next.
LEGI  Yes I know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
LEGI  And whenever you and i see we can still hook up too.
LEGI  Can you use foreign stamps for whatever you send them off for? 
LEGI  Oh baby of the house. How come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
LEGI  What i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.
LEGI  S now only i took tablets . Reaction morning only.
LEGI  Go where n buy? Juz buy when we get there lar.
LEGI  I'm working technical support :)voice process.
LEGI  It's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
LEGI  Tunde, how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
LEGI  Nope... C ü then...
LEGI  No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
LEGI  Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
LEGI  I havent lei.. Next mon can?
LEGI  Mm feeling sleepy. today itself i shall get that dear
LEGI  How dare you stupid. I wont tell anything to you. Hear after i wont talk to you:-.
LEGI  Do ü noe if ben is going?
LEGI  I meant middle left or right?
LEGI  Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
LEGI  Are you this much buzy
LEGI  Nothing. Can...
LEGI  R ü going 4 today's meeting?
LEGI  K da:)how many page you want?
LEGI  Ya had just now.onion roast.
LEGI  Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
LEGI  You said not now. No problem. When you can. Let me know.
LEGI  Ok but tell me half an hr b4 u come i need 2 prepare.
LEGI  Sat right? Okay thanks... 
LEGI  Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
LEGI  We r outside already.
LEGI  Have a good trip. Watch out for . Remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
LEGI  Yo we are watching a movie on netflix
LEGI  What time. I‘m out until prob 3 or so
LEGI  I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
LEGI  I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
LEGI  Babe ! How goes that day ? What are you doing ? Where are you ? I sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... I send a kiss to you from across the sea
LEGI  Ok.
LEGI  PS U no ur a grown up now right?
LEGI  Chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon... Either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
LEGI  Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
LEGI  Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
LEGI  Yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures... Ü all got how many pages?
LEGI  Ooh, 4got, i'm gonna start belly dancing in moseley weds 6.30 if u want 2 join me, they have a cafe too. 
LEGI  Thankyou so much for the call. I appreciate your care.
LEGI  I called but no one pick up e phone. I ask both of them already they said ok.
LEGI  Hi my email address has changed now it is 
LEGI  V-aluable. A-ffectionate. L-oveable. E-ternal. N-oble. T-ruthful. I-ntimate. N-atural. E-namous. Happy "VALENTINES DAY" in advance
LEGI  Not much, just some textin'. How bout you?
LEGI  Bring it if you got it
LEGI  I'm in a movie. Call me 4 wat?
LEGI  Not sure I have the stomach for it ...
LEGI  Haha... can... But i'm having dinner with my cousin...
LEGI  Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
LEGI  Haha, my legs and neck are killing me and my amigos are hoping to end the night with a burn, think I could swing by in like an hour?
LEGI  Usually the body takes care of it buy making sure it doesnt progress. Can we pls continue this talk on saturday.
LEGI  Hmm well, night night 
LEGI  This is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?
LEGI  Goodmorning, today i am late for 2hrs. Because of back pain.
LEGI  Ok then i'll let him noe later n ask him call u tmr...
LEGI  Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
LEGI  OK i'm waliking ard now... Do u wan me 2 buy anything go ur house?
LEGI  * Will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
LEGI  Nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
LEGI  But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
LEGI  I notice you like looking in the shit mirror youre turning into a right freak
LEGI  Great. I was getting worried about you. Just know that a wonderful and caring person like you will have only the best in life. Know that u r wonderful and God's love is yours.
LEGI  If you have belive me. Come to my home.
LEGI  Oh k.k..where did you take test?
LEGI  Those were my exact intentions
LEGI  haha but no money leh... Later got to go for tuition... Haha and looking for empty slots for driving lessons
LEGI  Nothing just getting msgs by dis name wit different no's..
LEGI  Good Morning plz call me sir
LEGI  What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
LEGI  Give her something to drink, if she takes it and doesn't vomit then you her temp might drop. If she unmits however let me know.
LEGI  Think you sent the text to the home phone. That cant display texts. If you still want to send it his number is
LEGI  K I'll call you when I'm close
LEGI  U buy newspapers already?
LEGI  Nope wif my sis lor... Aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... Looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
LEGI  Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
LEGI  No management puzzeles.
LEGI  How did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
LEGI  will you like to be spoiled? :)
LEGI  Ok. Me watching tv too.
LEGI  I just lov this line: "Hurt me with the truth, I don't mind,i wil tolerat.bcs ur my someone..... But, Never comfort me with a lie" gud ni8 and sweet dreams
LEGI  Just checked out, heading out to drop off my stuff now
LEGI  Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.
LEGI  Ill call you evening ill some ideas.
LEGI  Did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
LEGI  Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
LEGI  I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI  Haha i think i did too
LEGI  Life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
LEGI  Haha awesome, I've been to 4u a couple times. Who all's coming?
LEGI  Cold. Dont be sad dear
LEGI  Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
LEGI  Hello! How r u? Im bored. Inever thought id get bored with the tv but I am. Tell me something exciting has happened there? Anything! =/
LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
LEGI  R ü comin back for dinner?
LEGI  I hav almost reached. Call, i m unable to connect u.
LEGI  Whom you waited for yesterday
LEGI  I reach home safe n sound liao...
LEGI  Velly good, yes please!
LEGI  Hi, wkend ok but journey terrible. Wk not good as have huge back log of marking to do
LEGI  I have had two more letters from . I will copy them for you cos one has a message for you. Speak soon
LEGI  Alex knows a guy who sells mids but he's down in south tampa and I don't think I could set it up before like 8
LEGI  Dont you have message offer
LEGI  Remind me how to get there and I shall do so
LEGI  :-( that's not v romantic!
LEGI  Its hard to believe things like this. All can say lie but think twice before saying anything to me.
LEGI  That is wondarfull song
LEGI  Must come later.. I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
LEGI  Trust me. Even if isn't there, its there.
LEGI  I can take you at like noon
LEGI  Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
LEGI  I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
LEGI  I'm done oredi...
LEGI  How are you. Wish you a great semester
LEGI  Moji i love you more than words. Have a rich day
LEGI  Dude how do you like the buff wind.
LEGI  Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
LEGI  Probably, want to pick up more?
LEGI  I'm done...
LEGI  Are you the cutest girl in the world or what
LEGI  Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.
LEGI  Anyway seriously hit me up when you're back because otherwise I have to light up with armand and he always has shit and/or is vomiting
LEGI  Thank you. I like you as well...
LEGI  Do we have any spare power supplies
LEGI  Yeah, don't go to bed, I'll be back before midnight
LEGI  It's that time of the week again, ryan
LEGI  Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
LEGI  Enjoy ur life. . Good night
LEGI  Yes but can we meet in town cos will go to gep and then home. You could text at bus stop. And don't worry we'll have finished by march … ish!
LEGI  I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
LEGI  Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
LEGI  Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
LEGI  No calls..messages..missed calls
LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI  Shall i come to get pickle
LEGI  Lol boo I was hoping for a laugh
LEGI  LMAO where's your fish memory when I need it?
LEGI  See the forwarding message for proof
LEGI  Hello. Damn this christmas thing. I think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
LEGI  HI DARLIN IM MISSIN U HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A GOOD TIME. WHEN ARE U BACK AND WHAT TIME IF U CAN GIVE ME A CALL AT HOME. JESS XX
LEGI  Dont pick up d call when something important is There to tell. Hrishi
LEGI  Nothin comes to my mind. Ü help me buy hanger lor. Ur laptop not heavy?
LEGI  Still in the area of the restaurant. Ill try to come back soon
LEGI  Aight that'll work, thanks
LEGI  I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?
LEGI  So what do you guys do.
LEGI  Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
LEGI  That's significant but dont worry.
LEGI  That's cause your old. I live to be high.
LEGI  In which place do you want da.
LEGI  ARR birthday today:) i wish him to get more oscar.
LEGI  Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!
LEGI   and  picking them up from various points
LEGI  Wow v v impressed. Have funs shopping!
LEGI  I am on the way to ur home
LEGI  No problem. Talk to you later
LEGI  Then ur sis how?
LEGI  Still in customer place
LEGI  We confirm eating at esplanade?
LEGI  Send me your id and password
LEGI  Kind of. Took it to garage. Centre part of exhaust needs replacing. Part ordered n taking it to be fixed tomo morning.
LEGI  Well I might not come then...
LEGI  Long after I quit. I get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
LEGI  Then its most likely called Mittelschmertz. Google it. If you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
LEGI  Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
LEGI  K, wat s tht incident?
LEGI  Yeah get the unlimited
LEGI  Forgot it takes me 3 years to shower, sorry. Where you at/your phone dead yet?
LEGI  Well there's still a bit left if you guys want to tonight
LEGI  Not from this campus. Are you in the library?
LEGI  How will I creep on you now? ;_;
LEGI  If I get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
LEGI  I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
LEGI  Depends on where u going lor.
LEGI  Lil fever:) now fine:)
LEGI  I think it's all still in my car
LEGI  Can a not?
LEGI  Oh yeah I forgot. U can only take 2 out shopping at once.
LEGI  Mm so you asked me not to call radio
LEGI  Alright if you're sure, let me know when you're leaving
LEGI  Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
LEGI  Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
LEGI  No need to buy lunch for me.. I eat maggi mee..
LEGI  Oh right, ok. I'll make sure that i do loads of work during the day!  got a really nasty cough today and is dry n shot so that should really help it!
LEGI  Thanx 4 sending me home...
LEGI  Its normally hot mail. Com you see!
LEGI  U sick still can go shopping?
LEGI  Nice.nice.how is it working?
LEGI  1's reach home call me.
LEGI  Were trying to find a Chinese food place around here
LEGI  Easy mate, * guess the quick drink was bit ambitious.
LEGI  BABE !!! I miiiiiiissssssssss you ! I need you !!! I crave you !!! :-( ... Geeee ... I'm so sad without you babe ... I love you ...
LEGI  Ok thanx...
LEGI  aathi..where are you dear..
LEGI  Will be out of class in a few hours. Sorry
LEGI  Wat time u finish ur lect today?
LEGI  She's fine. Good to hear from you. How are you my dear? Happy new year oh.
LEGI  Haha... Hope ü can hear the receipt sound... Gd luck!
LEGI  I am not at all happy with what you saying or doing
LEGI  I actually did for the first time in a while. I went to bed not too long after i spoke with you. Woke up at 7. How was your night?
LEGI  See you there! 
LEGI  I dont understand your message.
LEGI  U still painting ur wall?
LEGI  Anything lor is she coming?
LEGI  K I'll take care of it
LEGI  My battery is low babe
LEGI  Babe? You said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... Is your internet down ?
LEGI  K I'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
LEGI  If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
LEGI  How do you guys go to see movies on your side.
LEGI  Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
LEGI  You didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. Plus he's going to stop all your runs
LEGI  Nothing lor... A bit bored too... Then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
LEGI  What time should I tell my friend to be around?
LEGI  Yes. that will be fine. Love you. Be safe.
LEGI  Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?
LEGI  I've not sent it. He can send me.
LEGI  Fine am simply sitting.
LEGI  Thts god's gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god..
LEGI  Are you coming to day for class.
LEGI  Im done. Just studyn in library
LEGI  Ok... U enjoy ur shows...
LEGI  Anything...
LEGI  Yeah, we got one lined up for us
LEGI  Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.
LEGI  Hey i've booked the pilates and yoga lesson already... Haha
LEGI  Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
LEGI  Leave it. U will always be ignorant.
LEGI  This pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
LEGI  Ok...
LEGI  Should I be stalking u?
LEGI  Sorry dude. Dont know how i forgot. Even after Dan reminded me. Sorry. Hope you guys had fun.
LEGI  Ok lor.
LEGI  Am surfing online store. For offers do you want to buy any thing.
LEGI  Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
LEGI  At home by the way
LEGI  We are both fine. Thanks
LEGI  What happen to her tell the truth
LEGI  Do you like Italian food?
LEGI  Which is weird because I know I had it at one point
LEGI  Alright, see you in a bit
LEGI  I will take care of financial problem.i will help:)
LEGI  Tell dear what happen to you. Why you talking to me like an alian
LEGI  Okie...
LEGI  But i dint slept in afternoon.
LEGI  That seems unnecessarily affectionate
LEGI  Yar else i'll thk of all sorts of funny things.
LEGI  You will be in the place of that man
LEGI  Thats cool. How was your day?
LEGI  No..he joined today itself.
LEGI  Okay same with me. Well thanks for the clarification
LEGI  I'll talk to the others and probably just come early tomorrow then
LEGI  Had the money issue weigh me down but thanks to you, I can breathe easier now. I.ll make sure you dont regret it. Thanks.
LEGI  Hi. I'm sorry i missed your call. Can you pls call back.
LEGI  How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
LEGI  Ok then no need to tell me anything i am going to sleep good night
LEGI  Ok try to do week end course in coimbatore.
LEGI  If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
LEGI  That day ü say ü cut ur hair at paragon, is it called hair sense? Do ü noe how much is a hair cut? 
LEGI  Hmm, too many of them unfortunately... Pics obviously arent hot cakes. Its kinda fun tho
LEGI  Thanx 4 2day! U r a goodmate I THINK UR RITE SARY! ASUSUAL!1 U CHEERED ME UP! LOVE U FRANYxxxxx
LEGI  I'm on my way home. Went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
LEGI  If i let you do this, i want you in the house by 8am.
LEGI  Best line said in Love: . "I will wait till the day I can forget u Or The day u realize that u cannot forget me."... Gn
LEGI  I will reach before ten morning
LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI  No message..no responce..what happend?
LEGI  Also where's the piece
LEGI  Boo. How's things? I'm back at home and a little bored already :-(
LEGI  PICK UR FONE UP NOW U DUMB?
LEGI  Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. 
LEGI  Babe, I'm back ... Come back to me ...
LEGI  Well you told others you'd marry them...
LEGI  Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?
LEGI  Please give it 2  or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
LEGI  I'm meeting Darren...
LEGI  Dear where you will be when i reach there
LEGI  Aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if I missed u first. You DO love me! :)
LEGI  Ok... Thanx... Gd nite 2 ü too...
LEGI  Come to me right now, Ahmad
LEGI  Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
LEGI  Could you not read me, my Love ? I answered you
LEGI  Err... Cud do. I'm going to  at 8pm. I haven't got a way to contact him until then.
LEGI  A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
LEGI  Lmao but its so fun...
LEGI  Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
LEGI  Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
LEGI  How was txting and driving
LEGI  That's good. Lets thank God. Please complete the drug. Have lots of water. And have a beautiful day.
LEGI  Great. I'm in church now, will holla when i get out
LEGI  I donno if they are scorable
LEGI  Then she dun believe wat?
LEGI  K..give back my thanks.
LEGI  K.k..how is your sister kids?
LEGI  Cool, I'll text you when I'm on the way
LEGI  Nope. Meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
LEGI  i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
LEGI  Good afternoon, babe. How goes that day ? Any job prospects yet ? I miss you, my love ... *sighs* ... :-(
LEGI  They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
LEGI  S.i think he is waste for rr..
LEGI  He is world famamus....
LEGI  Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
LEGI  Lol well don't do it without me. We could have a big sale together.
LEGI  * Am on my way
LEGI  Eat at old airport road... But now 630 oredi... Got a lot of pple...
LEGI  sry can't talk on phone, with parents
LEGI  Ok lor wat time ü finish?
LEGI  Mm i am on the way to railway
LEGI  i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
LEGI  I'm done. I'm sorry. I hope your next space gives you everything you want. Remember all the furniture is yours. If i'm not around when you move it, just lock all the locks and leave the key with jenne.
LEGI  Pansy! You've been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!
LEGI  Only if you promise your getting out as SOON as you can. And you'll text me in the morning to let me know you made it in ok.
LEGI  Lol that's different. I don't go trying to find every real life photo you ever took.
LEGI  I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
LEGI  I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
LEGI  Greetings me, ! Consider yourself excused.
LEGI  they released another Italian one today and it has a cosign option
LEGI  Yup i've finished c ü there...
LEGI  Remember to ask alex about his pizza
LEGI  No da..today also i forgot..
LEGI  Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor
LEGI  Ya it came a while ago
LEGI  From tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
LEGI  I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex
LEGI  Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
LEGI  U having lunch alone? I now so bored...
LEGI  Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head… Speak soon! 
LEGI  Nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people
LEGI  No got new job at bar in airport on satsgettin 4.47per hour but means no lie in! keep in touch
LEGI  Thanx but my birthday is over already.
LEGI  Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?
LEGI  Yes, i'm small kid.. And boost is the secret of my energy..
LEGI  IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
LEGI  Is avatar supposed to have subtoitles
LEGI  Simply sitting and watching match in office..
LEGI  Oh sorry please its over
LEGI  Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym? 
LEGI  You always make things bigger than they are
LEGI  Me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup
LEGI  I can send you a pic if you like :)
LEGI  I know she called me
LEGI  His bday real is in april .
LEGI  Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
LEGI  K do I need a login or anything
LEGI  LOL ... No just was busy
LEGI  Ok... Help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
LEGI  Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
LEGI  Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
LEGI  K. I will sent it again
LEGI  Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
LEGI  But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
LEGI  I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
LEGI  What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
LEGI  No we sell it all so we'll have tons if coins. Then sell our coins to someone thru paypal. Voila! Money back in life pockets:)
LEGI  Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
LEGI  Where @
LEGI  Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
LEGI  Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
LEGI  Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
LEGI  How much are we getting?
LEGI  I just went go-karting.
LEGI  It suits her to be a brunette or a blonde
LEGI  Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
LEGI  Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
LEGI  Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
LEGI  I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
LEGI  Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
LEGI  Yo theres no class tmrw right?
LEGI  Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
LEGI  Oh ok..
LEGI  Hey now am free you can call me.
LEGI  Tell me whos this pls:-)
LEGI  Think i might have to give it a miss. Am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. Damn this working thing.
LEGI  Id have to check but there's only like 1 bowls worth left
LEGI  Yes there were many sweets
LEGI  I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
LEGI  Sir send to group mail check it.
LEGI  U should make a fb list
LEGI  Tonight? Yeah, I'd be down for that
LEGI  What should i eat fo lunch senor
LEGI  Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
LEGI  Don know..he is watching film in computer..
LEGI  No b4 Thursday
LEGI  Oh, then your phone phoned me but it disconnected
LEGI  Id onluy matters when getting on from offcampus
LEGI  I will see in half an hour
LEGI  Ew are you one of them?
LEGI  Also hi wesley how've you been
LEGI  Ah you see. You have to be in the lingo. I will let you know wot on earth it is when has finished making it!
LEGI  Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
LEGI  Hm good morning, headache anyone? :-)
LEGI  Yeah no probs - last night is obviously catching up with you... Speak soon 
LEGI  I might go 2 sch. Yar at e salon now v boring.
LEGI  I didn't get the second half of that message
LEGI  Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
LEGI  I thank you so much for all you do with selflessness. I love you plenty.
LEGI  Am in film ill call you later.
LEGI  How dare you change my ring
LEGI  What part of "don't initiate" don't you understand
LEGI  I finished my lunch already. U wake up already?
LEGI  You still at the game?
LEGI  You have got tallent but you are wasting.
LEGI  What is your record for one night? :)
LEGI  Also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend.
LEGI  Aight, lemme know what's up
LEGI  You are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. Pls.
LEGI  Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
LEGI  Aight what time you want me to come up?
LEGI  Your bill at 3 is £33.65 so thats not bad!
LEGI  So how's the weather over there?
LEGI  Ok. Not much to do here though. H&M Friday, cant wait. Dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another 3 weeks! Become a slob- oh wait, already done that! 
LEGI  Please leave this topic..sorry for telling that..
LEGI  Pls send me the correct name da.
LEGI  What happened to our yo date?
LEGI  Webpage s not available!
LEGI  What u talking bout early morning? It's almost noon where your at!
LEGI  Fine. Do you remember me.
LEGI  Ok. How many should i buy.
LEGI  Sounds good, keep me posted
LEGI  Ok. So april. Cant wait
LEGI  I'm now but have to wait till 2 for the bus to pick me.
LEGI  Apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
LEGI  Ok lor... But buy wat?
LEGI  Somebody should go to andros and steal ice
LEGI  Don know. I did't msg him recently.
LEGI  Take us out shopping and Mark will distract Isaiah.=D
LEGI  Mum, hope you are having a great day. Hoping this text meets you well and full of life. Have a great day. Abiola
LEGI  Okay but i thought you were the expert
LEGI  And very importantly, all we discuss is between u and i only.
LEGI  K..k:)how about your training process?
LEGI  In da car park 
LEGI  Am going to take bath ill place the key in window:-)
LEGI  Dear, take care. I am just reaching home.love u a lot.
LEGI  This is all just creepy and crazy to me.
LEGI  Haha I heard that, text me when you're around
LEGI  I.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
LEGI  Sorry,  in meeting I'll call you later
LEGI  I tagged MY friends that you seemed to count as YOUR friends.
LEGI  Long time. You remember me today.
LEGI  Mystery solved! Just opened my email and he's sent me another batch! Isn't he a sweetie
LEGI  I can't describe how lucky you are that I'm actually awake by noon
LEGI  Haven't seen my facebook, huh? Lol!
LEGI  Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow
LEGI  In meeting da. I will call you
LEGI  K k :-):-) then watch some films.
LEGI  Does cinema plus drink appeal tomo? * Is a fr thriller by director i like on at mac at 8.30.
LEGI  MAYBE IF YOU WOKE UP BEFORE FUCKING 3 THIS WOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.
LEGI  And you! Will expect you whenever you text! Hope all goes well tomo 
LEGI  Just curious because my cuz asked what I was up to
LEGI  Nice.nice.how is it working?
LEGI  She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
LEGI  Oh, yes, I've just been a little under the weather so i've kind of been coccooning at home
LEGI  At home also.
LEGI  This phone has the weirdest auto correct.
LEGI  Oops my phone died and I didn't even know. Yeah I like it better.
LEGI  We got a divorce. Lol. She.s here
LEGI  What's ur pin?
LEGI  Babe, have you got enough money to pick up bread and milk ? And I'll give you it back when you get home ?
LEGI  I want snow. It's just freezing and windy.
LEGI  Ok... I din get ur msg...
LEGI  Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
LEGI  Even if he my friend he is a priest call him now
LEGI  Or remind me in a few hrs.
LEGI  Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks
LEGI  Hello hun how ru? Its here by the way. Im good. Been on 2 dates with that guy i met in walkabout so far. We have to meet up soon. Hows everyone else?
LEGI  Short But Cute : " Be a good person , but dont try to prove" ..... Gud mrng...
LEGI  Just haven't decided where yet eh ?
LEGI  Wat time liao, where still got.
LEGI  Stop knowing me so well!
LEGI  Good evening! this is roger. How are you?
LEGI  My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
LEGI  U coming 2 pick me?
LEGI  Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?
LEGI  Ok. But i finish at 6.
LEGI  So no messages. Had food?
LEGI  Ok going to sleep. Hope i can meet her.
LEGI  You're right I have now that I think about it
LEGI  Wat r u doing now?
LEGI  Is ur lecture over?
LEGI  Customer place i will call you
LEGI  R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
LEGI  No did you check? I got his detailed message now
LEGI  Then we gotta do it after that
LEGI  Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
LEGI  Do you work all this week ?
LEGI  Lol great now im getting hungry.
LEGI  Yes.. now only saw your message..
LEGI  Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
LEGI  Ya:)going for restaurant..
LEGI  Stupid.its not possible
LEGI  Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
LEGI  Just sent you an email – to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
LEGI  Oh my God. I'm almost home
LEGI  Total video converter free download type this in google search:)
LEGI  K:)all the best:)congrats...
LEGI  I wonder if you'll get this text?
LEGI  Are you angry with me. What happen dear
LEGI  U too...
LEGI  Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here
LEGI  Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
LEGI  Where are you?when wil you reach here?
LEGI  U don't remember that old commercial?
LEGI  What you doing?how are you?
LEGI  I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
LEGI  Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
LEGI  Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
LEGI  I will see in half an hour
LEGI  SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
LEGI  Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
LEGI  I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
LEGI  Is that seriously how you spell his name?
LEGI  I‘m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
LEGI  Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
LEGI  Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
LEGI  How abt making some of the pics bigger?
LEGI  Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
LEGI  Correct. So how was work today
LEGI  Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
LEGI  My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
LEGI  Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
LEGI  Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
LEGI  She doesnt need any test.
LEGI  Good morning. Have a great day)
LEGI  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
LEGI  Yeah, that's fine! It's £6 to get in, is that ok? 
LEGI  Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
LEGI  Please ask mummy to call father
LEGI  I have lost 10 kilos as of today!
LEGI  Just taste fish curry :-P
LEGI  Yeah I don't see why not
LEGI  Asking do u knw them or nt? May be ur frnds or classmates?
LEGI  I went to project centre
LEGI  Lol yeah at this point I guess not
LEGI  Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
LEGI  I think we're going to finn's now, come
LEGI  I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI  K go and sleep well. Take rest:-).
LEGI  U guys never invite me anywhere :(
LEGI  I don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
LEGI  I think u have the wrong number.
LEGI  How is your schedule next week? I am out of town this weekend.
LEGI  Sorry i'm not free...
LEGI  Do u ever get a song stuck in your head for no reason and it won't go away til u listen to it like 5 times?
LEGI  K, want us to come by now?
LEGI  How. Its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
LEGI  Watching tv now. I got new job :)
LEGI  Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
LEGI  ;-( oh well, c u later
LEGI  Can i get your opinion on something first?
LEGI  Wat r u doing?
LEGI  Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI  645
LEGI  I have to pay my rent and I can't do it myself, I have to wait for my aunt.
LEGI  Do you have time to get ready before 5 p.m.?
LEGI  Are you spending the night there?
LEGI  I'll keep it as a souvenir
LEGI  Just finished my class where are you
LEGI  I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
LEGI  Cool, text me when you're parked
LEGI  I'm reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light
LEGI  Ok that's great thanx a lot.
LEGI  Am not interested to do like that.
LEGI  Nah can't help you there, I've never had an iphone
LEGI  I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
LEGI  Thnx dude. u guys out 2nite?
LEGI  Ah, well that confuses things, doesn‘t it?
LEGI  ITS A LAPTOP TAKE IT WITH YOU.
LEGI  I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
LEGI  Yes I posted a couple of pics on fb. There's still snow outside too. I'm just waking up :)
LEGI  Yeah, where's your class at?
LEGI  Glad to see your reply.
LEGI  Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
LEGI  Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
LEGI  Yes i thought so. Thanks.
LEGI  But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
LEGI  Happy new year to u too!
LEGI  Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
LEGI  Will you go for dinner tonight?
LEGI  I'm sorry. I have other plans for tonight
LEGI  Have you seen this movie?
LEGI  I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
LEGI  For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
LEGI  Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
LEGI  Yup
LEGI  Your order has been confirmed. Your CHEESE BITES will be delivered to 142 Lincoln Str. at 7:25pm.
LEGI  Dear Atul, your order no #1008 has been placed successfully. Thank you for shopping at order-venue
LEGI  I called you 3 times. The last call was at 19:42 30.10.20
LEGI  I called you 2 times. The last call was at 16:25 14.02.20
LEGI  I called you at 17:20 13.06.20
LEGI  I called you at 20:49 27.12.19
LEGI  I have done my conversation. Call me back please.
LEGI  Dear customer, you have 5 missed calls from +380 97 010 11 00. The last missed call was at 10:23 AM on 21.02.2020.
LEGI  The subscriber +380670909011 is connected again. Call back please.
LEGI  The subscriber +380631234329 is connected again. Call back please.
LEGI  The subscriber +380971892134 is connected again. Call back please.
LEGI  Personal offer! No limits on video, 18000 MB, 180 minutes on other mobile phones and abroad. Order this tariff until 28/01/2021 and get the first package of services without payment, then 225 UAH/4 weeks. Tel. 477
LEGI  We have received your order no.149 amounting to Rs.1550 and its being prepared.You can track your order at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank You!
LEGI  Your Domino's 4 digit verification code is 7142
LEGI  The fee for the 150 UAH service package has been removed, provided unlimited calls on Kyivstar, 9000 MB, 150 minutes for GSM / UMTS numbers in Ukraine and numbers in Poland, Italy, Russia, 150SMS for 4 weeks.
LEGI  Fancy 500MB for free? Just top up £5 or more by 17/01/19 and we'll add your free data within 24 hours, yours to use for 7 days. Head to the My Vodafone app to top up now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup. Terms apply. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI  Enjoy a little treat, on us!  To say thank you for being a Vodafone customer, we'd love to treat you to a tasty hot cuppa while on the go, from Costa Coffee -the Nation's favorite coffee shop.  Well it is Christmas after all!  Just tap here http://ct.vodafone.co.uk/k5y925u9 to grab your treat by 23.59 on 10/12/2017.  Terms apply.  To end MMS, send STOP MMS to 9774.
LEGI  Heads up - your £10 Big Value Bundle has now finished.To get another 250 minutes, unlimited texts and 2GB of data for 30 days, simply top up by at least £10 and we'll add the £10 bundle. In the meantime, you'll pay 30p a minute, 14p a text and at least £2 a day for any data you use. Bundles last for 30 days and renew automatically using your credit, for use in the UK and our Roam-free destinations. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for more info and terms. To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI  Hello. We've added your £10 Big Value Bundle, giving you 250 mins, unlimited texts and 2GB of data for 30 days. This renews every 30 days if you've enough credit. Any unused minutes or data you have will roll over into the next 30-day period. To opt out call 2345 free. Head to www.vodafone.co.uk/bvb for terms.
LEGI  Sorry - we can't add a £10 Big Value Bundle to your account as you don't have enough credit. Call us free on 2345 from your Vodafone mobile to top up and add your bundle.
LEGI  FREE treat alert! We're giving you three chances to WIN BIG with your first set of #VodafoneTreats on us! And that's not all, because behind the scenes we're busy working on something special that we know you'll love. All will be revealed very, very soon - but until then download the My Vodafone app to enter each prize draw. Oh, and stay tuned for more surprises throughout the month... To end texts send STOP to 9774.
LEGI  It looks like you’ve swapped your SIM or updated your device. To continue using data and sending picture messages, you need to update your settings manually, as your device doesn’t support automatic settings updates. Get started at vodafone.co.uk/settingsinfo
LEGI  A transaction for BHD 30 320 @ Xeef Restaurant on 31/12/12 at 23:21 has been charged to your AMEX Card ending 001, Thank you for using your AMEX Card.
LEGI  2019.12.02 at 15:47 Your account has been replenished by UAH 100.00. Thank you for being with us!
LEGI  Kyivstar congratulates you! To help us improve the quality of mobile Internet, answer a few questions from 4036 number. All SMS-answers will be free in Ukraine.
LEGI  Personal offer! No limits on video, 18000 MB, 180 minutes on other mobile phones and abroad. Order this tariff until 28/01/2021 and get the first package of services without payment, then 225 UAH/4 weeks. Tel. 477
LEGI  Merry Christmas!  Thank you for being with us in the difficult 2020, we give 300 stars and the level of Orange until 01.03.21.  Get FREE coffee and stay with us in 2021!  bit.ly/A_rk
LEGI  Your Monese card ending 5140 has been removed from Google Pay
LEGI  G-479265 is your Google verification code.
LEGI  Your iOS App verificatin code is: 5710
LEGI  Click on the linking to reset your password for your Sideline account https://rp.sideline.com/rp/UkstTFDhYR0agD64N6QTKW00s5597ZoC69
LEGI  For security reasons, the Oschad 24/7 functionality is limited.  To recover, contact the Oschad bank contact center.  oschadbank.ua/chat
LEGI  Congratulations!  You have registered in Oschad 24/7.  Login: online.oschadbank.ua
LEGI  You entered an incorrect password when logging in to WEB-banking.
LEGI  Your one-time passcode is 675432 for a payment of GBP 18.99 to Domino's Pizza card ending 4509. It's valid for 10 mins only for this payment - ref BRNH
LEGI  WARNING!  Do not tell anyone the code 7989 to pay for mobile communications
LEGI  WARNING!  Do not tell anyone the code 3130 to pay for Lanet
LEGI  WARNING!  Do not tell anyone the code 2505 to transfer to another bank's card
LEGI  WARNING!  Do not tell anyone the code 1256 to pay for TV connection
LEGI  WARNING!  Do not tell anyone the code 9780 to transfer to another bank's card
LEGI  From EE: To access the internet you'll need to buy one of our Roaming Data add-ons so you'll always know what you're spending. There are different options depending how much you want to use the internet. To buy click here for free http://add-on.ee.co.uk/text or to buy by text, reply TEXT for options.
LEGI  Get FREE data when you top up- Hooray! Simply top up £15 or more via the My Vodafone app or online by 16/01/21 and enjoy 500MB of data to use for 7 days. Visit www.vodafone.co.uk/app to download it free from your app store or go to www.vodafone.co.uk/topup To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI  From Vodafone: Did you know that you've still got 100 Rewards points to collect in January? Don't miss out -?just reply COLLECT now to add them to your balance. We'll then start automatically collecting your points for you - so you can sit back and watch your points increase after every top up. Check out what you can spend them on at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Terms apply. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI  From Vodafone: Don't forget to grab your free gift - take your pick from 20 minutes or 75 texts on us. Simply reply FREEMIN or FREETEXT by 27/12/18 to get your bonus. Free mins and texts last for 7 days. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI  From Vodafone: It's here - your extra allowance of 50 texts is now ready for you. Don't forget to use it within the next 7 days.
LEGI  From Vodafone: Don't lose your Rewards points! Reply COLLECT now to grow your balance to 250. We'll then start automatically collecting your points for you - so you can sit back and watch your points increase after every top up. Check out what you can spend them on at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Online collection code 69396. Terms apply. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI  Stay connected, wherever you go. Use Wifi and 4G Calling. They're easy to set up and Wifi Calling lets you make and take calls even when there's no signal. See what they do and set them up in a snap: http://s.o2.co.uk/yAfhAjEy Terms apply. To stop texts, call 2220.
LEGI  Sorry, your number doesn't support Visual Voicemail, so we can't set it up yet. Please goto www.o2.co.uk/help and search on voicemail for help.
LEGI  You've nearly hit your 50MB/£48 roaming data limit. If you want to use more data once you've hit your roaming data limit you'll need to increase your monthly roaming data limit to £120 (200MB) by texting DATALIMIT200 to 23336. For terms see o2.co.uk/terms
LEGI  O2: Hello. You've got 5000 texts, 498 minutes of calls, and 2048.0 MB of data left in your Big Bundle. Make sure you use them before 01 Jun.
LEGI  You missed a call from me at 12:25 14 Jan. This is a free Call Alert from O2.
LEGI  O2: Just to let you know that you spent around £318 on data yesterday. Outside the EU data costs £6/MB, you can track your usage using the data counter on most devices.
LEGI  O2 Your latest bill is now ready to view at My O2. Just go to www.o2.co.uk/myo2/viewbill . Turn off your wifi and you won't need a username or password to log in.
LEGI  We're very sorry for Thursday's network issues. We understand how important it is to stay connected, especially this time of year. You'll receive a credit for two days of your monthly airtime subscription charges by the end of January. We're doing all we can to make sure this issue doesn't happen again.
LEGI  PayPal: Your confirmation code is:234225. Your code expires in 5 minutes. Please don't reply.
LEGI  Use 3912038 as Microsoft account security code
LEGI  Your security code is 658620. Happy Dropboxing!
LEGI  Your Wallet Verification verification code is: 671097
LEGI  832845 is your Twitter login code. Don't reply to this message with your code.
LEGI  1223 is your Uber code. Never share this code with anyone. Reply STOP to +44 7903 561836 to unsubscribe.
LEGI  750807 is your verification code for your Sony Entertainment Network account.
LEGI  28.01.20 12:50; Card: 4-370*; Sum: -112.20 UAH Payment for mobile communication; Available amount = 509.46
LEGI  Welcome to Romania! On the day of use you are provided with packages: 15 minutes - 30UAH, 100 MB - 35 UAH, 25 SMS - 25 UAH. For the Internet, use the access point in the settings: internet Dial numbers in the format: + (country code) (phone number). Enjoy your conversation!
LEGI  Congradulations on returning to Ukraine.  Thank you for traveling with Kyivstar!
LEGI  Your Gas bill is in. GBP88.74 is due for payment by 18th May. Text to pay.
LEGI  Your Account Verification Code Is: 1975
LEGI  Soup Peddler Airport Bivd! Thursday 10/25 fr om 6-10pm. Music, drinks, treats, art, prizes, SOUP! See you there! Reply STOP opt- out
LEGI  Nat'l Grilled Cheese Day! ANY AND ALL SANDWICHES $4.00 today only! Check @souppeddler Instagram for todays contest! Reply STOP to opt-out
LEGI  Soup Peddler Mary now sells breakfast tacos! From Bacon to Vegan to GF, we've got you covered. Available 8am-11am everyday. See you soon! Reply STOP opt-out
LEGI  Visit Domino's Pizza near you in next two hours get 25% discount this shows at messages pay box.
LEGI  *ONLINE EXCLUSIVE* Large * Large Pizza Wedges Bread Cookies £15.99 Delivered £15.99 dompizza.co/oh8dvq Docklands dompizza.co/oh8dvq OptOut STOP To STOP
LEGI  *ALL THIS FOR £19.99* Large Pizza Garlic Pizza Garlic Bread Wedges Cookies Dominos.co.uk Docklands T&Cs App T STOP Cs App
LEGI  JuiceLand: $2 OFF Drinks on Tuesday 6/25! It's Summer! Come enjoy $2 OFF any juice, smoothie, or bowl Tuesday 6/25! Limit 1 per customer. Valid 6/25 only Reply YES to save. Exp 6/25.
LEGI  [Monroe, Florida @ 2:01 AM] Hurricane warning remains in effect.
LEGI  [Monroe, Florida @ 2:39 AM] Strong storms moving through the lower keys.
LEGI  [Monroe, Florida @ 4:59 AM] Flood watch in effect through Monday evening.
SMIS  Todays VOdA numbers Ending with 7634 Ar{ $eL{[7ed to recieve a £350 rEwArd If you could a mat<hed p!E@${ calling 08712300220 Qu0t|n9 claims [Odes 7684 $7and@rdS ra7ES @pply
SMIS  Final Notification Your Apple ID is due to expire today. Prevent this by confirming your Apple ID at http://verifyapple.uk Apple Inc.
SMIS  Find My iPhone Your lost iPhone has been found, please refer to the specific website. http://Apple.find.ios-after-sales.com <Apple support>
SMIS  U’ve Bin Awarded £50 to Play 4 Instant Cash. Call 08715203028 To Claim. EVERY 9th Player Wins Min £50-£500. OptOut 08718727870
SMIS  Dear Customer. Please note that, at this moment we have to refund you £280.40,taxes for the last 2 years. Please visit http://hmrc-online-refund.com/
SMIS  Important message! We detected unusual activity on your account. To securely update your information, follow the link: http://bankofamerica.id-6682.com/
SMIS  Your iCloud has been suspended, please verify your account: http://appleid.apple.net.cgi-key.confirm.eu.web.cmd.myapple.webscmd.apple.user4.sec-web1.net
SMIS   URGENT You haVe wON a 1 MONth FrEE memberships in our £100,000 pRIZE jaCkpot Txt the phRase CLAIM to No: 81010 t WWW.DBUK.nET c WWW.DBuK.NET LCCltd
SMIS   07732584351 Rodger Burns MSG - MSG tried We tried to re you replying your reply sms our sms free nokia free + free + Please calling Please call now delivery tomorrow delivery tomorrow
SMIS   GENT We are TrylnG to phoning you. 1A5t weekends drAw $hOw5 that you won a £1000 prizE GU@RaNtEED Ca!| 09064012160 [1A|m [od{ K52 Va1ld 12hr$ only. 150ppm
SMIS   You are a winner U have been specially se!e(Ted 2 rECElv{ £1000 money or a 4 * F|!ght5 f1I9h75 ln( to a IIvE living Op{r@7or 2 <!alms
SMIS  WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receive a £900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
SMIS  Your Bank of America online account has been suspended, log in to restore http://bit.do/bankofamerica-session-user
SMIS  Your iCloud ID has been frozen because we are unable to validate your information. Tap www.supportonapple.com and reinstate your Apple device securely.
SMIS  THIS MOBILE NUMBER HAS GAINED THE SUM US$450,000.000 FROM MML/REF#1001, FOR DETAIL SEND YOUR NAME, ADDRESS AND NUMBER TO EMAIL: MEGARESULT@USA.COM
SMIS  A £400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our networked has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a £400 reward. Just call 09066380611
SMIS  You have wON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 pRizE.To claim yr PRIZE call our cUSTOMer SERviCE RepReSENTATIVe on
SMIS  [EE]:We were unable to process your latest bill. In order to avoid fees, update your billing information via: https://ee.uk.billing45.com/?ee=2
SMIS   07732584351 Rodger Burns msg msg MSG = TRIED tried calL call RE re your sMs sms SMs dOwNLoAD nOkia fReE + mOBilE + FREE CALlING pLEASE Please 08000930705 dELiverieS deliveries DeLIVERY tomorRow tomorrow
SMIS   GENT! We ARE TrYING to coNtACTing you. lasT weekends drawing shows that you Won a £1000 PRizE gUArAnTEED cALL 09064012160 CLAIm coDE K52 Valid 12HrS only. 150pPM
SMIS   You are a WINNER u HAvE been specially selected 2 receive £1000 CASH or a 4 * hOLIDAY FLiGhts InC SPEAk a live liVe OPeRAtoR claim cLAiM
SMIS  (BOA) Your account is limited. Please follow the link to securely update your personal information: bankofamerica.bofa-sms.com
SMIS  We currently have a message AWAItING your collection. To COLLECT your message just call 08718723815
SMIS  A £400 XMa$ ReWaRD |5 W@l7iN9 FOR Y0U Our <Ompu7er hAS randomly p|CkEd you from our l0y@I mobile Cu5tomers to receive a £400 rEw@rd Just caLL5 09066380611
SMIS  Congratulations! You took second place in our monthly draw! See what you won http://rlsosl.com/1GX
SMIS  Apple Inc. Your iPhone 6 linked to has been used a few minutes ago. To localize it, login now to your apple account: http://icloud-apple.eu/en
SMIS  You have been randomly selected for a BestBuy gift. Get your $1000 gift card at www.bestbuy.com.youre-a-winner.net/?id=lchrfcylck
SMIS   URGENT You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot Txt the word CLAIM to No: 81010 T www.dbuk.net C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD
SMIS   07732584351 R0dgEr Rodger M5g - MSG tri{d We tried to rE you rEp!y your reply to our sms FreE nok|A moBI|{ + 4r{E (am[order free Ca1I Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
SMIS   GENT We @rE tRYING to (0nTa<T you. |as7 weeKEND$ DRaW Sh0W5 that you WON a £1000 Pr|zE 9uAr@nTEEd (a!l 09064012160 <1Alm coDE k52 vA1Id 12hrs only. 150ppm
SMIS  Congratulations ur awarded either £500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
SMIS  Get a brand new mobile v0l[emalI by 8E an 8roker@GE of The Mob! Plus loads than goodies For |{5$ info just manuscripts MAT to 87021
SMIS  CoNgratulatioNs tHANKS to a good friend u they WOn the £2,000 Xmas prize. 2 clAImed Is QUick just call 08718726978 NOW! Only 10p per hOur BT-national-rate
SMIS  PayPal : We've permanently limited your account, please click link below to verify https://signin-pyplsecurednotificatiop.com/r/verifynow Sincerely, PayPal
SMIS  Your Mobile Won 500,000.00euro in Blackberry Netherlands Promo. For claims E-mail code: NL101 to claims@bbnetherlands.co.cc
SMIS  pLEASe CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urGENT messages waiting for you
SMIS  Debit-card BLOCKED ! Continue to respond : http://uaau.com.mx/service.clearview-federal-credit-union.html
SMIS  Hello! Your PayPal account was compromised on September 13th at 08:00 UTC time. Please sign in and confirm the authenticity of your recent transactions. http://paypayl.com/unlockaccount/
SMIS  cUSTOmEr service announcement. We recently tried to makinG a DElivERy to you but WeRE UNAble to do so, please call 07090298926 to RE-SCHeDULe rEf:9307622
SMIS  Dear Customer, Your ApplelD is due to expire Today, Please tap http://bit.do/cRqb6 to update and prevent loss of services and data. Apple smsSTOPto43420
SMIS  Your Santander Bank Account has been blocked. All services have been withdrawn. Go to http://santander.onlineupdatesecures.he.net.pk to reactivate now.
SMIS  Dear NAB Bank User, We have detected some unusual activity. We urgently ask you to follow the account review link: http://bit.do/nab-bank
SMIS  Your iTunes account has been frozen because we are unable to validate your information. Validate your account here: http://ow.ly/XRbHA to avoid suspension.
SMIS  HMRC: You still have an outstanding tax refund from last year. Please visit our secure link to process https://tax.refund-ref7y.com/
SMIS  GOVUK: Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, you have a pending tax rebate. Calculate your claim here: https://ukrebate-tax.com/
SMIS  Apple Support Unusual Activity in your Apple-ID. Update your Account to protect your personal information. http://tr.im/1Trmg
SMIS  Carlene, final notification about your USPS delivery 1F43J8 from 04/10/2020. Go to: m6szv.info/Ek3HNi2XJM
SMIS  CongraTuLATions tHANKS to a GrEAT freinds U they WON the £2,000 Xmas prize 2 CLAImED IS EASIER just CALL 08718726978 now Only 10p per MiNute bt-NatIoNAL-rATe
SMIS  (Wells Fargo Update) We reget to inform you that your Wells Fargo account is suspended. Update Your Personal Information at http://login-wells.com
SMIS  Missed call alert. These numbers called but left no message. 07008009200
SMIS  Missed <A1!S alert. These numbers caI!Ed but left no meSsA9e 07008009200
SMIS   You HAVE bEen selecTed to STAYS in 1 of 250 toPS bRItIsH hoTELs nOTHInG hOLiday woRtH £350 £350 ClaiM cALL LonDon London bX 526 sw73ss SW73Ss SW73SS
SMIS   Hi, this i$ m@NdY sul!|van (AII!n9 from hotmix fm ArE ARe CH05EN re({lve £5000.00 £5000.00 our EA57er Prize pRiZE DrAW ..... p|{A5{ TELEPHONE 09041940223 29/03/05 C!a!M your 29/03/05 will bE PR|ZE to bE tRaN$FERReD
SMIS   UR GOING 2 6AH@Mas CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and speaks to a live op{rA7Or to [|a!m either BAhAmAS Cru|5{ 0f£2000 (AsH 18+0n1y To Opt out tx7 X to 07786200117
SMIS   You they BEEn selected to staying in 1 of 250 TOp briTIsH hoTELs - HolidAY woRTH £350 £350 £350! CALL LoNdON 02072069400 02072069400 526 sW73sS sw73ss SW73SS
SMIS   Hl this is Mandy 5u!1IvAn calling from HO7M|X 4M are @rE ChosEn receive re(EIv{ £5000.00 our Easter E@57Er Prize telephone 09041940223 P|{@$e TELephone 09041940223 29/03/05 <1a|m your 29/03/05 will be pr|ze to BE trAn$Ferred
SMIS   uR GoiNg 2 BAhAMaS cALLfreefone 08081560665 and SpeAkS to a liVe OPeRAToR to cLaIM either BahAmas cruise of£2000 CASH 18+ONlY To opT out txt x to 07786200117
SMIS   You could been selected to stays in 1 of 250 tops australian hotels - NOTHING Holiday Worth £350 £350! Claim Call London London Bx 526 SW73SS SW73SS
SMIS   Hi this l5 Mandy 5u1IIvAn (A|!ln9 from HO7M|X FM Ar{ are <hO5en r{(e|v{ recieve £5000.00 our ea$Ter {a$TEr Priz{ SkEt<h|ng ..... to claim before 29/03/05 [!@Im your 29/03/05 will B{ prize to somEonE 7r@nSF{rr{d
SMIS   Ur 90|Ng 2 8AHAM@$ [ALIFReefON{ 08081560665 and 5P{@k to a livE OpEra70R to C|AIM either b@hamas (ru|${ o4£2000 (A5h 18+ONlY To oPT out Txt x to 07786200117
SMIS   You hAvE 6{{n 5EIE(tEd to $7AY in 1 of 250 7OP br!Tl5h HOTELS - h0|!daY hoLidaY £350 £350 £350! cLAiM [a!1 02072069400 02072069400 02072069400. 526 sW73ss SW73SS
SMIS   HI this is maNdy sULLIvan calling from hOtMix fm ARE ArE cHOSen recEiVe rEcieve £5000.00 our EAsTER pRIZE PrIzE DRAwING 09041940223 pleaSe FAX before 29/03/05 clAImED your 29/03/05 will be prize to bEiNg else....
SMIS   UR 9olNG 2 BaHaMA$ (@I1FRE{F0Ne 08081560665 and spe@k to a live 0pErA70r to [|aIm either BahAm@s [ruise o4£2000 (A5H 18+on1y To Op7 out txt X to 07786200117
SMIS   You have BEen 5{1E<7{d to ST@y in 1 of 250 t0p British hotels - N0tH|NG H0liday WorTh Worth £350! (!@!m C@1! L0ndOn 02072069400 8x 526 $W735$ SW73SS
SMIS   hI this !s mandy sul|!vaN cA1LIng from H07M!X 4m are Chosen cHO5EN r{CE|ve recE|ve £5000.00 our {@stEr Pr|z{ pRiZ{ DrAW ..... pLEasE Te1Eph0ne before 29/03/05 cLAim your 29/03/05 will be pRizE to 6E else....
SMIS   ur goIng 2 BAHAMAS! <@|LFR{{foNe 08081560665 and $peak to a LlVE oPEr@t0r to c!a!M either bahAMa5 cruIse OF£2000 (ASh 18+only. To 0Pt out TXT x to 07786200117
SMIS   You hAVE beEn SeLECTEd to sTAy in 1 of 250 ToP BRItiSH hoTeLs - nothing hOLIdAy Holiday Worth £350! To CAll Call London bX 526 526, SW73SS
SMIS   Hi, this is mANDY sULLivAn CALLING from hotmix fM are Are Are choSen reCeive ReCEivING £5000.00 Easter EASTER pRIzE telephone telephOne ..... pLeASE 09041940223 09041940223 claimed ClAimed prize priZe be BE Prize be transferred
SMIS   UR g0iNG 2 B@HAM@S ca|LfReE4ONE 08081560665 and spEAk!ng to a I|vE 0pErAtOr to c1@!m either BAhamas <rulSe oF£2000 (AsH 18+on|y To Op7 out 7x7 X to 07786200117
SMIS   You have BeEN SELECTED to STAyS in 1 of 250 tops australian hOTels NOTHINg hOlIDAy Holiday £350 £350 ClAim Claim cALL 02072069400 02072069400 526 sw73Ss sw73ss SW73SS
SMIS   hl this ls M@Ndy sUlliv@N CA!liNG from hotm|x FM are @rE ARE <HO${N r{(E!vE r{({!VE our Easter eASTER {A$7eR DRaw DRaw ..... p!{@5{ teIEPhOnE 09041940223 29/03/05 C!@lM prize prizE be b{ PRIZE someone SOme0ne
SMIS   UR 90iNg 2 baHaMas CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and Spe@k to a LlvinG operator to claim either B@h@ma5 <rulSE OF£2000 <A$H 18+only. To 0pT out 7xt X to 07786200117
SMIS  T0DaYS vOda nuM8er$ {nD!ng with 7634 @Re 5eLEcteD to re({|Ve a £350 r{ward If you H@V{ a ma7[H p1e@5{ call 08712300220 QUOTING c!a|m (odE 7684 S7aND@rD Ra7eS @ppIy
SMIS  Please click the link below to view your COVID 19 test results. You will need to enter your date of birth to see your results. Link: http://testreg.nd.gov//covid-19-tests/?id=c0082267-1cb7-ea11-a812001dd8309722
SMIS   GENT! We are Trylng to contact you. l@s7 weekends drawing 5hOw5 that you w0n a £1000 pr|zE GU@RaNtE{D CA1L 09064012160 C!aim COde K52 Va|id 12hr5 only. 150ppm
SMIS   You are a wInneRs U HavE BEeN specially SelECtED 2 reciEve £1000 MONEY or a 4 * holidays fLigHts INC SpeAK a livE LivIng oPerator 2 CLAImS
SMIS   urGEnT You could WOn a 1 fOrTNight FrEe MEMBERShIP in our £100,000 prize JacKpoT Txt the PROVERB claim to No: 81010 T www.dbuk.net c WWW.DBUK.NET lCcltd
SMIS  Your ENTRY in our drawing Won you a FReE $1,000 bEST Buy GiftCard! eNTER 614 at www.bestbuy.com.tbtt.biz so we can SHIP it to you immediately.
SMIS  Your Entry in our drAwinG$ W0N you a free 1,000 6eSt 8uy Glft<Ard Enter 614 at www.bestbuy.com.tbtt.biz so we can Sh!p it to you immediately.
SMIS  Your {n7ry in our drAw|nG WoN you a Free 1,000 6{$7 Buy 9ift[ard Enter 614 at www.bestbuy.com.tbtt.biz so we can shlp it to you immediately.
SMIS  Your ENtER in our sketching WON you a V1 1,000 Best Buy giftCArD eNteR 614 at www.bestbuy.com.tbtt.biz so we can sHipS it to you immediately.
SMIS  Your eNtrY in our DRAwiNG wOn you a doWnloaD 1,000 beSt bUY gIFtcarD entEr 614 at www.bestbuy.com.tbtt.biz so we can sHipS it to you immediately.
SMIS  O2:We were unable to process your latest bill. In order to avoid fees, please update your payment information via: https://o2.uk.invoice142.com/?o2=2
SMIS  lease CaLL our CUsTOmer sErvIcEs DELEGATES on FreEPHOne 0808 145 4742 between 9Am-11Pm as you could won a GuaRanteed £1000 CASHED or £5000 prize
SMIS  We currently have a m{s5@g{ awaiting your (0l1{<t|on To cO|1e<7 your message just call 08718723815
SMIS  (BofA Customer) Your account has been disabled!!! Please read this >> readmybank0famerica.cipmsg-importantnewalertt.com
SMIS  PLeaSE CAllS our sErVicE customEr ambassaDORs on fReePHoNE 0808 145 4742 between 9Am-11PM as you HAvE WON a Guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 PRIzE
SMIS  Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
SMIS  HMRC alert!:You are eligible to receive a tax refund of £980.50. To collect your refund, please click or enter the following link: http://ow.ly/JJArN
SMIS  You they WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize.To CLAIM YR priZe call our CuStoMer services ambassadors on
SMIS  Please CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
SMIS  A £400 XMAS REWaRD !s WAITING FOR YoU Our <0mputer hA$ randomly picked you from our l0yaL mOb||e (uS70mErs to r{CElv{ a £400 r{ward Just call 09066380611
SMIS  U ’ ve ’ aw@rd{d £50 aWARdeD £50 Cash. pIaY (a$h |ns7AN7 (A$H CAl1 08715203028 eVERY (1@|M P!@yer 97H min WINS
SMIS  WIN URGENT! Your mobile numBEr ha5 BEEN awarDEd with a £2000 prize GuarAnteed ca1! 09061790121 from land 1lnE c|@Im 3030 valld 12hrS only 150PPM
SMIS  (Pinnacle Bank) We had detected an unauthorized activity .In order to avoid suspension enter personal info ow.ly/ZZuBS
SMIS  YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a £150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386
SMIS  Our security team have tried to contact you regarding your online account. Login via the secure link http://185.99.133.185/login to avoid account suspension.
SMIS  (ALERT) Your Credit Card has been temporarily suspended. To unlock your account, click here http://tdcanadatrustloginpage.com/cc/
SMIS  URGENT: UKGOV has issued a payment Of 458 GBP to all residents as part of its promise to battle COVID 19. TAP here https://uk-covid-19.webredirect.org/ to apply
SMIS  Your entry in our drawing WON you a free $1,000 Best Buy GiftCard! Enter "614" at www.bestbuy.com.tbtt.biz so we can ship it to you immediately.
SMIS  Your account has been suspended on 29th May, To begin begin verification process visit http://internetbanking.tsb.verifybycode.co.uk or a local branch.
SMIS  Your iApplePay has been suspended because we are unable to verify your information. To unlock it validate your account here: ow.ly/XrkP305T2fo
SMIS  URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701851. Claim code K61. Valid 12hours only
SMIS  P!e@5{ call our <us70mEr5 5{rvl(e5 repr{s{nT@Tiv{ on fReEPH0Ne 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you could WON a guar@ntEEd £1000 money or £5000 prize
SMIS  Final Notification Your Apple ID is due to expire today. Prevent this by confirming your Apple ID at http://update-apple.uk Apple Inc
SMIS  You HaVe an PiVOTal service custOmER announcement Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now !
SMIS  Your Microsoft account will be deleted due to a small quantity of congested E-Mails. To resend the congested E-Mails please visit microsoft.id206.com
SMIS  O2: Your billing details are incorrect, please update them by going to your O2 account on your desktop or mobile phone: o2-account.co
SMIS  A £400 xmAs reward iS WaiTInG fOr yOU Our neTworkEd haS randomly PIckED you from our loYal MOBILE CUsTOMErS to rEceiVe a £400 rewARd jUsT caLl 09066380611
SMIS  customer SerViCE announcement We recently trIED to make a deliveRiEs to you but WERE unable to do so, please caLL 07090298926 to Re-SChEdULe rEF:9307622
SMIS  Due to suspicious activity your Apple-id has been LOCKED tap http://bit.do/Apple-id-locked to restore full access to your Apple services
SMIS  cUSTomER service announcement. We recently trIed to maKe a deLIVERy to you but weRE uNaBle to do so, pLEASE CalL 07090298926 to re-scHeduLe Ref:9307622
SMIS  You have WON a guaranteed £1000 CAsH or a £2000 prize.To claim Yr PRIZe call our customer service representative on
SMIS  URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18
SMIS  <@II frEephOn{ 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   07732584351 ROd9er 8URN5 msg Msg MSG trIed (A1I caLl to rE you rEPLY r{p|y $M5 SMs our fr{{ noK!a nOKia MOBILE fRe{ + p|EA5E c@|1 PLeAS{ 08000930705 08000930705 08000930705 7oM0RR0W d{I|very T0morr0w tomorrow
SMIS   g{nT We Are 7rying to <ON7a[7 you. Last w{{kend5 DRAW sh0WS that you w0N a £1000 pR!Z{ 9u@r@n7{ED [aLI 09064012160 c|a|M CODE K52 va1!D 12HRs only. 150PPM
SMIS   You aRe a WINNEr u could bEEN specially sELEcTED 2 rEceIve £1000 moNey or a 4 * vacatiOning FLIGHtS SpEaK sPeak a lIve opEraTor OPERATOR 2 CLAIMS
SMIS  Your Santander Bank Account has been blocked All services have been withdrawn Go to http://santander.onlineupdatesecures.he.net.pk to reactivate
SMIS  todAys VOdA nUmbeRs END|Ng with 7634 are selected to rE<EivE a £350 rEwArd If you h@v{ a MAtCH PLEa$E <@Il 08712300220 QUoTing <L@|M (OD{ 7684 sT@Nd@rD RATes apply.
SMIS  Please ca!l 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message w@|tlnG for you
SMIS  you have an outstanding tax refund of 265.86 for tax year 17/18. please fill out the following form to process your refund http://hmrcgovme.com
SMIS  Congratulations! th@nk5 to a GOOD fri{nd u hAve wOn the £2,000 xMAS pRIzE 2 claim IS EaSY just call 08718726978 now Only 10p per mlNu7e BT-national-rate
SMIS  We currently HAVE a meSSAGe awaiTing your CoLleCtiOn To COLLECT your MEssage just call 08718723815.
SMIS  conGrATulatiONs Thanks to a GOOd friend U hAve won the £2,000 Xmas PRIZE 2 ClaIm is quick just call 08718726978 noW Only 10p per minutE bT-national-ratE
SMIS  Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   You are a WINNER u hav{ 8{En specially s{|ectEd 2 r{(e!Ve £1000 [a$h or a 4* * * hO!Id@y iNc iN< sp{AK live live L|vE OPer@7Or 2
SMIS   URGENT You HAVE wOn a 1 week FrEE membership in our £100,000 Prize JACkPOT txt the WoRd claim to No: 81010 t WWW.dBuk.nEt LCcLTd WWW.dBuk.NEt lCcLtD
SMIS  Congtrualations Mark, you could been won our mystery boxes this fortnight contact using use this to shdeule delivered delivery: http://cla2020gov.com/step2.php
SMIS   07732584351 rODGER BURnS msg - MSG TRIED We CALL to Re you rEpLY your reply sMS our sms FrEe NOKIA MobIle + FrEe + PlEase CAlL Please 08000930705 now DELIvERY TOMORROW delivery tomorrow
SMIS  T0DaY5 v0da numb{rs enDINg with 7634 arE s{Le[TED to rEC{iV{ a £350 R{WaRD If you H@vE a matCH p|ea5E [@|| 08712300220 9Uo7IN9 C!@!m [od{ 7684 ST@nd@Rd R@TES aPP!Y
SMIS  Your K.Y.C has been updated successfully, you will get 1205 cashback in your wallet, To get cashback click here Link http://8629a7f1.ngrok.io
SMIS  We will suspend your Netflix account today, because you failed to pay: errpayment25919934.mrseguridad.com
SMIS  We currently have a mE55AgE awAITlnG your coLLe<7!On To C0l|EcT your messAGe just c@L! 08718723815.
SMIS  O2:We were unable to process your latest bill. In order to avoid fees, please update your payment information via: https://o2.uk.invoice142.com/?o2=2
SMIS  iTunes: Your Apple ID has been restricted. To fully restore your services, please visit https://apple.com.profile-info.services to confirm your profile details.
SMIS  You HaVe Won a GUarAnTEeD £1000 cASH or a £2000 pRizE.To claIm yR prize calling our customer service ambasSadOrs on
SMIS  We have identified some unusual activity on your internet banking. Please log in via http://bit.do/dq3WJ/ to secure your account.
SMIS  You've received a new message regarding the COVID-19 safetyline symptoms and when to get tested in your geographical area. Visit https://covid19-info.online/
SMIS  u ’ AwaRDeD £50 AwArdEd £50 4 PlaY 4 iNSTANT cAsh To 08715203028 EvERy claiM Player Wins Player WiNs miN £50-£500
SMIS Todays Voda numbers ending with 7634 are selected to receive a £350 reward. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 7684 standard rates apply.
SMIS  GOVUK: Due to the new lockdown conditions you have been granted for a COVID-19 claim of £277.59 To obtain, please follow via: https://conclude-claim govuk.com
SMIS  Dear customer, Your account is currently under review. Please complete the following security form to avoid suspension: http://bit.ly/-PayPal-no-sms.eu
SMIS  Someone who came in contact with you tested positive or has shown symptoms for COVID-19&mends you self-isolate/get
SMIS  Dear customer, Your account is under review. Please fill in the following security form to avoid lockout: http://bit.ly/_PayPal_
SMIS  Please log in to your PayPal account at http://www.paypalvrf.com/ and follow the steps there to confirm your identity and recent account activity. To help protect your account, your PayPal account will remain limited until you complete the necessary steps.
SMIS   You they 1 n{wesT vo|<{mAlI Please [a|1 08719181503
SMIS   netwOrkinG 0p{raT0r$ The S{rvice is frEE For t & < vI$IT v!S!7in9
SMIS   urgeNt imP0rT@n7 lnfOrm@T!0N 4Or o2 US{R 70D@Y |5 yOur Lu<Ky d@y 2 4!nd out why Log onto HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM theRE Is a fan7@S7lc $URPRi5E AWAITiN9 for
SMIS   You have 1 N{W voicemail. Please [@!| 08719181503
SMIS   network operator. The servICe IS FRee For t & C's visit vIsit
SMIS   uRGENT IMPoRTAnT iNformaTION for o2 uSeR today iS yOuR luCkY dAy 2 fINd OUT wHy LOG Onto HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM tHerE is a FANtAStIC surpRise FOR YOU
SMIS   You have 1 new vOIC{m@!1 P!easE caLL 08719181503
SMIS   NETwOrk OperAtorS The CUSTOMER iS DoWnload For t & c visiT 80488.biz
SMIS   URGeNT lMPoRt@N7 iN40RMA7IoN FOR o2 US{R tODaY I$ Y0UR LUCKY DAY 2 FIND OUt WHY lOG ONTO HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM THERE tHeRe A A 4ANta5tic $URPR!5{ AWa|7ING f0R
SMIS   You HAVE 1 New vOiCEmAIL pLEASE CAlL 08719181503
SMIS   nETW0rK OpeRaToR The $eRvlce l5 Fr{{ For t & ( v!Slt VI5I7
SMIS   urGeNt important inforMAtIOn For o2 usEr ToDay IS Your lucky DAy 2 FInD oUt why LOg onTo HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM there a faNTastic FANTAstIC SUrpRISE AWAiTING fOR
SMIS   NEtwOrK opeRator The service Is FREE For t & C's visit visiT
SMIS   uRgent importAnt iNforMation for o2 uSeR TODAy is your lUcky DAY 2 FInD oUT wHY LOG ONTO HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM theRE there Is FANTASTIC SURPRISE SurPRISe foR
SMIS   You hAVE 1 NEW voicemail PlEASE CAlling 08719181503
SMIS   UrGENT IMpORTANT information FoR O2 user TODAY IS YOUR LUCKY daY 2 FIND OUT why lOg OnTo HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM thEre there Is a surprIse AwAITING AWAITIng FOr
SMIS   You HaVe 1 n{w vOICEm@iL pIe@s{ C@II 08719181503
SMIS   network$ oper@70r The Servl<E !$ free. For T & c vlSIT 80488.8!z
SMIS   csh you r a luck wier 2 caim clim prize prie csh mony 8600 88600 £1million £illion giving give ppt10x3+nrmal txts incrae text rte bo43 w1ty
SMIS   Mssae ImportanT INFrMAIon for o2 uSR Today IS your LuCY dAY 2 FID out why LOG onto HtTp //ww.urawinEr.CoM is a fntstic FAntAstiC sURrIe AWAITING
SMIS   MOnEY you R a lUCKY WlNNer 2 claiM CI@|m prizE pr|z{ M0NEy 2 88600 88600 £1MI1LI0N £1ml1!!On gIVE 9lv{ ppT150x3+NormA! 7EXt rATe b0X403 w1T1jY 6Ox403 w1T1jy
SMIS   Message Important information for O2 user. Today is your fortunate week 2 find out why log onto http //www.urawinner.com is is fantastic fantastic surprised awaiting
SMIS   449050000301 You Have WON a £2,000 PRICE To cLAIm CaLLIng 09050000301
SMIS   ME55Age lmpOrtanT information for 02 us{r T0dAy ls your 1ucky day! 2 F|nd out why LOG onto hT7p there is |S fantastic Fanta$T|< SurprIsE @waltin9
SMIS   4900000301 You hae won a £200 pice To clim cal 09050000301.
SMIS   cashed you r a lucky winner 2 claim claim prize prize money 2 2 88600 £1million £1million giving give ppt150x3+normal text ppt150x3+normal box403 rate box403 w1t1jy
SMIS   mEssage IMPORTANT InfORmAtionS for O2 USEr TODaY IS your luck dAY 2 locate out why LOg onto HTTP //WWW.URAWINNER.COM is is FANTasTIC fantastic sUrprIse AWAItING
SMIS   449050000301 You hAv{ won a £2,000 price To claim, CALL 09050000301
SMIS   cash you r a lucky contestant ! claimed claim prize prize text 2 88600 88600 £1million £1million make give ppt150x3+normal ! rate box403 w1t1jy box403 w1t1jy
SMIS   MEsSAGE iMPORTANT InfoRMation for O2 user. ToDAY is your lucky DAy 2 FIND out why LOG onto HtTP //Www.urAwiNNEr.Com is Is fantastic fAntAStic awaiting aWaiTING
SMIS   449050000301 You HavE WON a £2,000 priCes To CLAIMS calling 09050000301
SMIS   MOnEY you R a LUcKY WinNeR 2 C!@iM C!alm your prlze m0ney 2 88600 88600 £1miLlIon £1mI!I|0n GIVE give away TeXT raTe t{xT w1t1jY box403 w1T1jy
SMIS   mESsage iMPORTANT INFORmaTioN for O2 uSer TODaY iS your lucky Day 2 find out why LOG onto http://www.urawinner.com there is IS fantastic FaNTasTIC awaiting AwAiting
SMIS   449050000301 You Have WON a £2,000 prIce To CLAiM call 09050000301
SMIS   <Forwarded from 448712404000>Please 448712404000 > PlEasE call there is an urgent iS waiting uRGENT MessAGe
SMIS   You could an |mporTan7 $ervI[{ $ervi<{s announcement from PREMi{R c@lI fR{ePH0N{ 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   < forWARded 448712404000>Please 448712404000 > 448712404000 > 08712404000 call 08712404000 IS is uRgenT Is wAitING
SMIS   You they an ImPOrTANCe CUsToMErs ServIce annoUncement from PremIER CALl freephone 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   1a$T ChaNcE CLa!M UR £150 WorTH of D|scoUN7 vOuchER$ 70dAY 7ext SHOP to 85023 now! 5avAmoB offERs mOB|IE T ($ 5avaM08 p08oX84 M263uZ £3.00 sUB 16
SMIS   < from 448712404000>Please > PL{Ase 448712404000 > plEAs{ caI| 08712404000 I$ IS urGent URGENT wAlTing
SMIS   You HAv{ an ImPOrtaNT Cu$TOMer sErvI[E aNN0Un<EMEnt from prEmlEr <A|I Fr{eph0ne 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   Last Chance Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob offers mobile T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ £3.00 Sub 16
SMIS   < FoRwARDED 448712404000 > PL{@s{ pLEASE calL ple@s{ [al! 08712404000 |s iS ur9{nT |s wA|TIng
SMIS   You have an ImpOr7@n7 [u$TOmer Service AnnOunc{menT from PREMlER Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   LAST cHaNcE claim uR £150 wOrtH of discount vOucheRs TODAY TeXt SHOP to 85023 now! SAvAmOB OFFErS mobiLE T cS SavaMob poboX84 M263uZ £3.00 Sub. 16
SMIS   < Forwred 448712404000>Please 4487404000 > Plse as 081404000 is an urgent is waiting uret mesge
SMIS   You Have an importAnt cUstOmeR sErVicE AnNOuNcEMENT from prEMier CalL freephone 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   < 4Orw@rd{d 448712404000>Please 448712404000 > PIeaS{ [@I| 08712404000 is an urgent message waiting urg{n7 you.
SMIS   You HavE an IMPOrTaNt customer SErvIcE announcemeNt from Premier CaLl FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   Last Chance Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers yesterday Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob offers mobile T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Sub 16
SMIS   < f0rward{d 4orw@rd{d 448712404000 > P1{@5e 448712404000 > is (A|1 urgent !5 waiting urG{nT m{$S@9E
SMIS   You HAVe an impOrtant customer sErviCe ANNOUNCEmEnt from PrEMIER Call freEPHoNe 0800 542 0578 now!
SMIS   lAST CHAnCE cLAIM ur £150 Worth of discount vOuCheRs TOdaY Text SHOp to 85023 now! sAVaMoB OfFERs mObIle T cS sAVAmOB pobox84 M263Uz £3.00 sUB 16
SMIS   UrgENt You Hve won a 1 wEk fEe mEbERsIp in our £10000 pRIE Jcpot Txt the WORd CLIm to No: 8010 t www.dk.net c wWW.DBuK.nET lCCD
SMIS   GENT We are TRYINg to coNtACTing you. lAST WEeKenDS DRAw SHOWs that you won a £1000 PRIZE GUARANTEED caLl 09064012160 CLAim CoDE k52 VALID 12HRS only. 150PpM
SMIS  Hey WILLIAM, your Netflix subscription would be expiring in 2 days time. Go here to recontract for free pryfa.info/np56tp
SMIS   URGEnt You HAVE won a 1 WEEK fRee MEMBERSHIPS in our £100,000 pRIZE jACKpOT TXt the proverb claIm to No: 81010 T WWw.DBUK.NEt C poboX LCCLTD
SMIS  Dear Customer, Your iCloud ID has been deactivated To reactivate your acct confirm your details here: http /icloudwerify.uk Apple
SMIS  Apple Inc Your erased lost Iphone 6 Gold has been located tomorrow at 07:18 pm on January 4 2017 Check location at http:/i-apple.space/?location=c4561/i-apple.space/location=c4561
SMIS  Due to suspicious extracurricular your Apple-id has been LOCKED taps https to restore full access to your apple services.
SMIS  A £400 xm@5 rewARd Is wAIT|nG for yOu Our CompuTER ha5 randomly P|CKED you from our L0y@L mo6!IE cUSTOmERs to Re({lVE a £400 REWARD JuST <All 09066380611
SMIS  URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18
SMIS  07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
SMIS  GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
SMIS  You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
SMIS   0km@lL dEAR Dave this IS your FINAL notice to cO|l{(7 your 4 * tEn{rlfe hOLiDAY hO!|DaY 5000 5000 (Ash aWArD <A1l 09061743806 landl!ne |And!|nE tcs BOx326 CW25wx
SMIS   URGENT Your Mo8l!e NO wA5 @wArdEd a £2,000 80nu$ <A|ler Priz{ on 02/09/03 This |S our 2nd AT7emp7 to contact YOU! <alI 0871-872-9755 BoX95qU
SMIS   our m0B!L{ given h@5 won £5000, to C1Alm (@|!$ us back or ring the [L@|m$ $eduC7lve |ines on 09050005321
SMIS   You could an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
SMIS   0kma!1 De@R dave this is your FlN@L NoTICE to collect your 4 * * H0IId@y HOLidAy 5000 5000 Aw@rd CALL C@I1 09061743806 |@nd|ine IaND1INe Tcs $@{ BOx326
SMIS   our m0B!1{ num6ErS h@$ wOn £5000, to c|AImEd <@11s us back or ring the claims steamy 1in{ on 09050005321
SMIS   You HavE an ImpOr7anT [uSt0mEr 5{Rv!<e ANnOuNCemen7 cALL 4R{{PH0N{ 0800 542 0825 now!
SMIS   URGENT Your mobILe No waS AWARdeD a £2,000 boNUS CALLER pRiZE on 02/09/03 This IS our 2ND AttempT to phonInG yoU cALL 0871-872-9755 bOX95QU
SMIS   our m0Bi!{ NUMber has won £5000, to [!AiM (a1IS us back or RinG the [I@IM5 hoT I!Ne on 09050005321
SMIS   You they an iMPORTANT sErvicE ServicE aNnOuncEMent cALL FReephONe 0800 542 0825 now!
SMIS   OkMAl1 dE@R Dave this i$ your Flna! no7I(E to c0l|{[7 your 4 * Holiday HOl!d@y 5000 5000 @ward @wArd [@1l from landline. I@nd!|nE T[S 5a{ B0x326 CW25Wx
SMIS   URGEnt Your MOle no WAS AwADd a £,00 bOUs Cler pRIe on 02/0/3 This IS our 2nd AtEpt to ConTACT YOU CLl 0871-87-955 BOxQU
SMIS   our mobile number has won £5000, to claimed calls us back or pave the claims hot end on 09050005321
SMIS   You could an pivotal customers customer announcement Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
SMIS   okmAil dEAr Dave this IS your final notice to cOLLEcT your 4* * TENERIFE hoLiDay #5000 5000 CAsH awARD cALL 09061743806 landline. laNdlinE Tcs sae bOX326 cw25wx
SMIS   URGENT Your Mobile No. was awarded a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03 This is our 2nd attempting to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9755 BOX95QU
SMIS   our M0biL{ NuMB{r HaS w0n £5000, to <IaIm (A1|$ us back or R!NG the <!@IMs h07 |in{ on 09050005321
SMIS   You HAE an IMporTt CstoMR sevce annOuNeEnt cAL FreEphE 080 542 085 now!
SMIS  Hello mate, your FEDEX package with tracking code GB-6412-GH83 is waiting for you to set delivery preferences: c4dmc.info/ sKenKPAAaLg
SMIS   URGENT You they WON a 1 weEk free Memberships in our £100,000 pRIze jACKPot tXT the PhRasE CLAIM to No: 81010 t Www.DbUk.net lCCLTD pObOX lccltd
SMIS   geNT We ar{ TryIn9 to <On7@[7inG you. La5t wEekEnd$ drawlnG 5hOw5 that you won a £1000 pr|z{ GUARANTEED Ca1! 09064012160 (IAIm [ode K52 VA1ld 12hrs only. 150ppm
SMIS  FRM:RTqeaUdPWY MSG:We failed to bill your Netflix-profile for the next month: https://fail.billnetflix-ejhnXn-GecFY.localprosadvisor.-com
SMIS   You ArE a winnEr U hAvE 6{En specially selected 2 re<E|ve £1000 <a$h or a 4 * h0!id@y f1lgh7S speak SpEak a live operator 0p{rA7or 2 0871277810810
SMIS  Fifth Third Bank: We locked Debit Debit Card combating prevent unauthorized payment.To unlock confirmations confirm identity identity - rebrand.ly/irt8k
SMIS   r{MlNd{R 4ROm o2 To geT 2.50 P0UND$ fREe calI (rEd|t and DETAILS of gREAt of4ERS P!s r{pLy 2 this 7Ext with your va!id NamE h0u$E no and pO5TCOde
SMIS   urGeNT |as7 weekend's draw drAw that you have hAve HAVE £1000 £1000 C@5H Spanish span!Sh SpANi$H CAI! CA1I 09050000332 09050000332 [1a!m cLaIM SW7 sW7 <
SMIS   You could 1 newesT MESSAgES Call 0207-083-6089
SMIS   IMPORTANT MESSAGE This is a SEcOND coNtacT aTTeMPT You they IMPORTANT MESSAGES WAItiNg out our service CLaimS DepT exPIres 13/4/04 cAll 08717507382 now
SMIS   uRgenT PlAE CAL 006213237 from a lANlIE £000 CaSH or a 4 * awit aWaT COLCTION t SAE cs SAe Po bOx 177
SMIS   REMNDR FROM O2 To get 2.50 pods fre cll cdit and dtais of grat offs pls reply 2 this tet with your vaid nme houe no and pstcoe
SMIS   urGENt Last WEekEND draw shows sHOWS you have HaVE Won £1000 or a Spanish sPAnISH hOlidAy CaLL Now 09050000332 claim. ClAIm t SW7 3SS. RsTM
SMIS   You have 1 new messages Call 0207-083-6089
SMIS   !mPoRt@NT ME$5@9E This l$ a F!N@L CONTACT AtTEmP7 You have ImPoRtANT me$sAg{s WaI7!Ng out our cUs7OMEr <1AIms dept. ExpIrEs 13/4/04. [a!L 08717507382 Now
SMIS   REMIDR FRM O2 To get 250 pons v1 cling cdit and deils of geat ofrs pls reply 2 this manscrips with your vald name, hosd no and postcode
SMIS   You they 1 newest message Call 0207-083-6089
SMIS   IMPORTANT MESSAGE. This is a second contact attempt. You they important messages waiting out our service claims dept. Expires 13/4/04. Call 08717507382 NOW
SMIS   uRGENt p1E@S{ caLl 09061213237 from a landl|ne £5000 <ASh or a 4 * HOIIDAY aWAIt <oIIE[7|0N 7 SAE PO s@{ po BoX 177
SMIS   reminder froM o2 To WAnt 2.50 PouNDS Download CAlL dOWNPAYmeNT and dETAilS of great ofFerS PLS reply 2 this TEXT with your valid Name hOusEs no and poStCODE
SMIS   uRgeNT lAST WeeKenD draw shows SHOWs you have won woN cash CASH a Spanish SPaNIsH HoLIday calL nOW 09050000332 claim. clAim t SW7 c rStm
SMIS   You have 1 n{w m{5Sage <Al| 0207-083-6089
SMIS   |MP0RtAn7 MESSAGE. This ls a f!NA| C0N7@Ct aTtemPt You HAVe !mPoRT@N7 MeS$@9es wAl7|NG out our [u57omer <IaIm5 DEPT explr{$ 13/4/04 cAlL 08717507382 now
SMIS   Ugnt Plse calig 09061213237 from a ladlne £5000 csh or a 4 * awat awat collecins T SAE Cs SAE PO Box 177
SMIS   REMINDER FROM O2 To want 2.50 pounds free call borrower and details of great offers pls reply 2 this text with your valid named houses no and postcode
SMIS   URg{N7 l@57 w{ekEnd draw shows 5hOwS you have won wOn £1000 or a Spanish 5panIsh hoIid@y <@Il 09050000332 09050000332 claim. <!@!m t SW7 C RSTM
SMIS   You hav{ 1 new sEnd C@1| 0207-083-6089
SMIS   |MP0RT@N7 MessaGE This !s a fIr5t contact attempt. You could importance m{55AgEs waiting out our service claims d{pt Expires 13/4/04 <@!| 08717507382 NoW
SMIS   R{M|ND{R fR0M O2: To Get7lnG 2.50 pOundS frEE call d0wnpAymEnT and d{tAI!5 of gre@t O44Er5 pls reply 2 this 7{xtS with your v@!ld name, houSES no and postcode
SMIS   URgeNT Last weekend draw $hOwS $hOw$ you have they £1000 £1000 cashed a $panl$h rO5e77A va<@7!0n!n9 (aI! 09050000332 09050000332 cLA!m (|aIm$ 7 5W7 c RSTM
SMIS   You they 1 NEWeST sENd CALL 0207-083-6089
SMIS   lmP0R7anT M{5S@GE This i5 a 4!n@l <onT@[t ATT{MpT You HAVE Impor7@nT MEsSa9e5 wa|t!nG out our cuSTOm{r <!AIm$ DEp7 eXPiR{5 13/4/04 C@lL 08717507382 NoW
SMIS   Urgent Please call 09061213237 from a landline £5000 money or a 4 * holidays collection. collection T SAE Cs SAE 177 Box 177
SMIS   ReMlND{R fR0M O2 To 9e7tIn9 2.50 p0undS dOwn|0Ad call <r{d|7 and dET@l|S of 90od 0F4ErS p!5 reply 2 this text with your vA|id namE hOu5E no and post[0de
SMIS   URGENT! 1AS7 wE{kend draw draw $h0w5 you have won w0n £1000 C@5h a Spanish spanISh CALL [@1I 09050000332 09050000332 claim. CIaIm t SW7 c Rs7M
SMIS   You they 1 NEW mesSages cALL 0207-083-6089
SMIS   |MPoRt@N7 MEs5a9e This |5 a 4in@I COnTA[7 @t7{mpT You hAve !mpor7anT m{SsaGE5 w@iTIng out our cust0mer <|aim5 dept. Expires 13/4/04 [@!I 08717507382 NOW!
SMIS   Urgent Please call 09061213237 from a landline £5000 cashed or a 4 holiday holidays collection. T T SAE Cs SAE PO Box 177
SMIS   YoU ARe chosEN TO receive A £350 awaRd Pls caLLs CLAIM NuMber 09066364311 to PoolED your award which you are SELECTED to reCIeVE as a vAlUeD MoBILE CUSTOMER
SMIS   cONGRATULATIONS Your ENTRY into Our contests last MonTH MADE you a wiNnEr Goto http://www.apple.com.textwon.com cLaiM claimed PRiZe PrizE HAVE 24 24 HoURs ClAIM
SMIS   Your mOBILE nUMbEr hAs wOn 615,000 mILLiON Pounds pOUNDS in AppLe uk uk Ref nK115G NK115G claimed clAiM emAIL your Name CouNtRY occupaTION ocCUPATION freeappleiphone@w.cn
SMIS   YOU ARE cHos{N t0 R{[{!Ve A £350 aW@RD PlS [AL! [|Aim numbEr 09066364311 to collect your award which you are 5{l{CtEd to rE(elve as a vAIued mo8!1{ cu570m{r
SMIS   <onGrA7uLATI0n5 Your EnTry into Our c0nt{sT5 earlier mOn7h mAdE you a WINNER G0t0 http://www.apple.com.textwon.com claim claimed pr|z{ You h@ve hAv{ hour5 hours C1AIm
SMIS   Your m08i|E NumB{r HA5 WoN 615,000 mI|L|on p0UND5 P0und$ APpI{ IpHONE uk R{F ReF nk115g NK115G C1A|m EMa!| emall NAME c0uNtrY c0un7ry oc<upa7!on 0<CupAtlOn freeappleiphone@w.cn
SMIS   YOU aRE coEn tO rceiE a £50 aWrd Pls caLL CLAM numBeR 09066364311 to collECt your awarD which you aRE selected to REcEIVE as a vAeD moie custER
SMIS   COnGrAtUlATioNs Your ENTRY into Our (0nt{st 1a5t MOn7H MADe you a WiNN{R 907O http://www.apple.com.textwon.com claim c|@lm c1a|M PRIzE have have h@Ve 24 HouR5
SMIS   Your Mobile NUMBeR has WON , millIon Million Pounds aPPLE IpHONE Uk UK. Ref NK115G NK115G. CLAIM eMAIL Email your cOUNTRY Country oCCUPATION Occupation freeappleiphone@w.cn
SMIS   Y0U AR{ CHOs{N TO Re(ElV{ A £350 AW@RD P!S [a!I <I@im5 mAny 09066364311 to cO!le<ting your Award which you Are ${Ie<tEd to re(ieve as a vAIu{d m0b!1{ <us7omEr
SMIS   Congratulations Your entries into Our competition last month made you a WINNER! Goto http://www.apple.com.textwon.com to claim claimed prize! prize have have hours hours claim
SMIS   Your mobile NumbeR has won 615,000 MILLiON pOunDS Pounds aPpLE IpHONE iPhone UK. Ref nK115g NK115G. clAIm eMail Email nAmE COuntry Country OcCUpaTioN Occupation freeappleiphone@w.cn
SMIS   yOU ArE cHOSen tO ReCEIVe A £350 Award plS calling clAim Given 09066364311 to pOoLed your AWaRD which you are SeLECTED to REcIeVe as a VaLuED MOBIle CUSTOmErS
SMIS   [ongrA7ul@T!On5 Your {n7ry into Our [ontE57 last mOnTh made you a WlNN{R 9oTo http://www.apple.com.textwon.com to claim your prize! pr|ze have 24 hours hOur$ claim
SMIS   Your mOBILE Number hAS WON 615,000 615,000 PoUNds POunDs APPLe IphoNE Uk Ref ReF nO nk115g ClaiMed eMAIL EMaIl NameD Country CouNtry OccuPation OcCuPatiON freeappleiphone@w.cn
SMIS   congrATuL@7ionS Your {Ntry into Our <onT{St LAST mOnTH mAd{ you a WinnER GotO http://www.apple.com.textwon.com to CLA|m your prlze pr|ZE have 24 24 hOUr5 (!AIm
SMIS   Your mobiLe nUMbER has WON 615,000 MilLion pouNDS poUNDS in IPhOnE Uk Ref REF nO Nk115g For EMail EMaIL nAmE country cOUNTRY & OccupatiOn freeappleiphone@w.cn
SMIS   <on9rAtuI@Tl0nS Your En7ry into Our <Omp{t|7|0n earlier 40rtniGht made you a WiNNeR 907O http://www.apple.com.textwon.com C!alm [|@lm prIzE You hAv{ they 24 hours [1a!m
SMIS   Your mobile Number has WON 615,000 Million Pounds Pounds Apple iPhone UK Ref Ref NK115G NK115G. For claim Email names Country Country Occupation Occupation freeappleiphone@w.cn
SPAM  For sale - arsenal dartboard. Good condition but no doubles or trebles!
SPAM  Will u meet ur dream partner soon? Is ur career off 2 a flyng start? 2 find out free, txt HORO followed by ur star sign, e. g. HORO ARIES
SPAM  You received a promo code for the first two free trips with Uber Shuttle this week - SHUTTLE9.  Book a place in the Uber Shuttle app and go to http://t.uber.com/sho9
SPAM  50% discount on laser hair removal, smas, botox 18300 clients, 20 new devices, 12 doctors - Cosmetologists for you Call 0931707934 https:/instagram.com/lazerroom.kiev.ua https://bit.ly/3IBPOFC
SPAM  Chili's: Chicken or Shrimp Fajtas +a Starter and a Drink for only $10 with Chill's To-Go! Reply STOP tо сancel.
SPAM  Win the newest “Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
SPAM  mOBILE clUb ChOosE any of the topS QUaliTY itEmS for your mobIle 7cFca1a
SPAM  rEFUSED a LoAN Secured or unsECURED cA get GET CREdIT caLl FREE 0800 0800 195 6669 text back 'help' 'HeLp we will!
SPAM  Burger King - Wanna play footy at a top stadium? Get 2 Burger King before 1st Sept and go Large or Super with Coca-Cola and walk out a winner
SPAM  Visit Domino's Pizza near you in next two hours and get 25% discount! Just show this message at the pay box.
SPAM  sexy cum and text me !m wET and w@rmth and pr|mEd for some porn u up for some p1eASur@BIe THIS MSG lS fRe{ R{(D MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 <@Nc{I 7{X7 STOP
SPAM  3 free TarOT TEXTS! FInd out about your adored LIFES now! try 3 FoR FREE! Text CHANCe to 85555 16 only! After 3 free MsgS £1.50 each
SPAM  Make Australia Great. Fast trains for Melbourne. 1 hour to CBD from up to 300kms away. Vote 1 United Australia Party, Clive Palmer. Auth https://bit.ly/2QjGAUM
SPAM  The Marriage Equality Survey forms have arrived! Help make history and vote YES for a fairer Australia. VoteYes.org.au
SPAM  Italian made Ray Ban, Oakley sunglasses Last Day Clearance 90% Off Only 10. Oakley Sunglasses Left www.0akleoutletstore.com
SPAM  mOBiLe Club: cHoose any of the top quality itemS for your mobile. 7CFca1a
SPAM  BestTraveI: Olivia! Welcome to our StarDust Tier. You've now unlocked exclusive access to new products, sales, free shipping on all purchases, and a complimentary travel set on your next purchase. Shop now. Text DRYS456 to opt out.
SPAM  sexy Cum and 7ext me im w{t and warm and ready for some pOrn u up for some plEasuraB|E 7H|s MSG Is FREE RE[D MsGS 150P INC V@t 2 [@NCe! TEXt $tOP
SPAM  When elected, United Australia Party will ban unsolicited political text messages which Labor & Liberal have allowed. Auth http://www.unitedoz.net/
SPAM  Hi! This is John with the campaign, be sure to get out and VOTE TODAY! Reply STOP to cancel. Msg & data rates may apply.
SPAM  You will be receiving this week's Triple Echo ringtone shortly. Enjoy it!
SPAM  YES! The not plaCe in town to mEeTIn9 {xclt!ng adult $|ng!{s |S now in the UK 7x7 CHaT to 86688 now! 150p/M$G
SPAM  Our 6And n{w mO8|I{ mO8I mu l rvi Iiv{ is free Iiv p!ayEr will mu|C p Just insT@!l Arrv your ph0n{ isT @ l from the T0p @rT|5ts
SPAM  sexy cum and text me im wet and warm and ready for some porn! u up for some fun? THIS MSG IS FREE RECD MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TEXT STOP
SPAM  Refused a loan? Secured or Unsecured? Can't get credit? Call free now 0800 195 6669 or text back 'help' & we will!
SPAM  In The Simpsons Movie released in July 2007 name the band that died at the start of the film? A-Green Day, B-Blue Day, C-Red Day. (Send A, B or C)
SPAM  GAGACeIl IQ Fun Facts at $9.99/mo. Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Reply HELP for help. Enter UR password on the web site 2 continue: 7492
SPAM  Jiffy Lube customers 1-time offer: Rply Y to join our eClub for 45% off a Signature Service Oil Change! STOP to unsub Msg&data rates may apply T&C: jiffytos.com
SPAM  Hurry up. Last call to get MOM a unique gift. Special offer of 25% off on a range of selected best ceramic tea sets at your nearest Teavana store until March 23. OPTOUT at 5258
SPAM  3 FREE TaRot TEXTS fIND out about your adOred life now! tRy 3 foR free Text CHANCE to 85555 16 only! After 3 Free Msgs £1.50 each
SPAM  sey cum and tet me im sogy and wam and redy for some pon u up for some eoyable THIS MSG IS FRE RED MSS 10P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TXT STP
SPAM  Bloomberg -Message center +447797706009 Why wait? Apply for your future http://careers.bloomberg.com
SPAM  Win the newest Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
SPAM  YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
SPAM  Our brand new mobile music service is now live. The free music player will arrive shortly. Just install on your phone to browse content from the top artists.
SPAM  YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
SPAM  Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
SPAM  LORD OF THE RINGS:RETURN OF THE KING in store NOW!REPLY LOTR by 2 June 4 Chance 2 WIN LOTR soundtrack CDs StdTxtRate. Reply STOP to end txts
SPAM  Mobile Club: Choose any of the top quality items for your mobile. 7cfca1a
SPAM  sey cum and texts me im damp and toasty and reay for some pon u up for some enjyale TIS MSG IS FRE RED MSGS 10P INC VAT 2 CACL TXT STOP
SPAM  3 FREE tArot teXTs Find out about your love life now! tRY 3 FOR FREE TeXt ChAnCE to 85555 16 only! After 3 Free Msgs £1.50 each
SPAM  Kylie Cosmetics: Get $10 OFF your order TODAY at KylieCosmetics.com and KylieSkin.com for International Women's Day! Were donating a portion of proceeds from all sales to Girls Inc, an amazing charity doing inсгedible things for young wonnen!
SPAM  REfuSED a LOAN Secured or Unsecured? Ca gEt waNt CReDiT Call V1 0800 0800 195 or TEXT tEXts 'help' 'help 'heLP will!
SPAM  YES! The ONLY PLACES in CITY to meEt exciting ADULt sINGLES iS now in the UK. TxT CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/MSG
SPAM  Bloomingdale's: Private Sale: Take $25 off every $100 you spend on select regular-price items w/code PRIVATE. Ends 4/21. Тxt STOP=STOP. Shop: bimg.co/3abqiv6
SPAM  Get the official ENGLAND poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! Text TONE or FLAG to 84199. Optout txt ENG STOP Box39822 W111WX £1.50
SPAM  For SAlE - gOOD cOndiTionS CoNDItION condition but no doubles or trebles!
SPAM  XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL
SPAM  England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM  SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
SPAM  (al| geRMaNy for only 1 PenCE per m|nute <@IL from a 4lXEd LINe via A<[e5s nUMbeR 0844 861 85 85 No pRep@YmenT dlre(7 ACCESS
SPAM  -PLS STOP bootydelious (32/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
SPAM  MObIle Club: Choose any of the TOP quality ITEMS for your MOBiLe 7cfca1a
SPAM  Text & meet someone sexy today. U can find a date or even flirt its up to U. Join 4 just 10p. REPLY with NAME & AGE eg Sam 25. 18 -msg recd@thirtyeight pence
SPAM  SMS. ac Blind Date 4U!: Rodds1 is 21/m from Aberdeen, United Kingdom. Check Him out http://img. sms. ac/W/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no Blind Dates send HIDE
SPAM  rEFUSED a LoAN sEcUrEd or uNSEcured cA get credit? CRedIT cALL Free 0800 0800 195 or text tEXt 'help' 'HELP we will!
SPAM  TheMob> Check out our newest selection of content, Games, Tones, Gossip, babes and sport, Keep your mobile fit and funky text WAP to 82468
SPAM  Think ur smart ? Win £200 this week in our weekly quiz, text PLAY to 85222 now!T&Cs WinnersClub PO BOX 84, M26 3UZ. 16+. GBP1.50/week
SPAM  Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access!
SPAM  Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to 69876. Txts cost 1.50 per msg. TnCs on website. X
SPAM  Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p
SPAM  FREE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & get FREE access for 24 hrs then chrgd@50p per day txt Stop 2exit. This msg is free
SPAM  SexY cum and manuscripts me iM weT and WaRM and rEAdy for some porn U up for some FUN this MSG is fRee reCD msgs 150p inc vat 2 cAnCeL Text STOP
SPAM  Our BranD neW mOBiLE MUsIC sErvice is now lIve The FREE mUsIc player will aRrIVe shortly. Just InstalL on your PhoNE to brOwse CONtENT from the ToP ArTiSTS
SPAM  Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09111032124 . PoBox12n146tf150p
SPAM  Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur Mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network by txting MOAN to 69888Nyt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
SPAM  FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
SPAM  22 days to kick off! For Euro2004 U will be kept up to date with the latest news and results daily. To be removed send GET TXT STOP to 83222
SPAM  Hi I'm sue. I am 20 years old and work as a lapdancer. I love sex. Text me live - I'm i my bedroom now. text SUE to 89555. By TextOperator G2 1DA 150ppmsg 18+
SPAM  Ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? Just txt back NAME and AGE to join the mobile community. (100p/SMS)
SPAM  Talk sexy!! Make new friends or fall in love in the worlds most discreet text dating service. Just text VIP to 83110 and see who you could meet.
SPAM  U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094565
SPAM   22 Days to KICK off! For EURo2004 U will bE kEpt up to DAT{ with the |A7{S7 NEwS and RESulTS daily. To bE REMOv{d send G{T tX7 $7OP to 83222
SPAM   Hl I'm 'm 5uE am 20 20 yE@rs O1d work wOrk a lapdancer. LapdancEr love !0vE $Ex me live 1|vE I'm 'm | bedroom bEdrO0m text SUE $UE 89555. 89555 TextOperator 7{xtop{raT0r G2 1Da 150ppmS9
SPAM   Ever tHOUGHT about LIvES a GOOD LIVeS with a perfectly PArtNER Just TXT back name and aGe to joining the MobIlE CoMMUNITY 100P/SMs
SPAM   t@!K $EXY M@ke N{W 4RIeNDS or FAlI in I0v{ in the W0rLDS m05T dis(Re{t TeXt Dat|NG servI<e Ju5T 7ExT VIP to 83110 and SEe who you could MEeT
SPAM   u haVe a sEcret ADmiRER who IS looKinG 2 make coNtact with U-fIND out who they r * thinks UR tHinkS ur on 09058094565
SPAM   H| I'm 'm 'm 5u{s am am 20 yE@rS work work a lapdancer. lapdancer |@pdanC{r sex. smut smut live !iv{ !ive 'm 'm 'm ! text manuscripts t{xT mAnu$<rlpTS sUE 89555 89555 G2 7{x7op{rATor G2
SPAM   Ever tOuht about LIIG a GOD lFE with a prFCT prner Just txt back NME and age to JON the mobile CounitY 10/Sms
SPAM   talk sexy MAKE nEwest FRIENDS or Tumbling in loved in the WOrLDS most DIsCREET TEXT datIng sErVICES JUSt texts vip to 83110 and SEEInG who you could mEeT
SPAM   U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make phoning with U-find out who they R*reveal * reveal UR so UR on special-call
SPAM   22 dAys to klck off! For {uro2004 U will 8EInG kept up to d@7{ with the !at{57 he@d||neS and rE$u|t$ daily. To BElnG r{mOved d!Spa7chEd 9{t TXt $t0P to 83222
SPAM   hi I'm 'm 'M SUES AM 20 20 yeaRs OlD WORK WORK lapdancer. LAPDANCer LapDanceR LOVE AdORED SEX live live I'm i i bedroom I BEDROOm bEDrOoM TeXT MANUSCRIPTS 89555 89555 89555 TEXtOpEratOR tEXToPERATOR 1da
SPAM   Ever thuht about lies a god lifes with a pfect patneships Jut txt back NAE and AGE to join the mobile comunty 100p/SMS
SPAM   Tlk sxy Mke nest fiens or fll in loved in the wols most dicret tet dang srvics Jut texts VIP to 8110 and seeg who you could meet
SPAM   U they a C|@nd{$TlnE @dmIrEr who !S l00kinG 2 making <onta(t with U-Find out who they R * revealing UR 7hinks UR on SpE[!AI-cAl!
SPAM   22 dayS to KiCK off! For eUro2004 u will BE kept up to DaTE with the LAteSt NewS and results daily. To should rEmOVED sEnd gET TXT stOp to 83222
SPAM   hi I'm 'm 'M am AM AM 20 and work wORK a lapdancer. lAPDANCER love adored ADoreD teXT live live LiVe 'm 'M bedroom loft BeDROOM lOft TEXT Text 89555 89555 89555 tEXToPERATOR 1DA g2
SPAM   Ever thou9ht about l|vlng a 9oOd L!f{ with a pErFec7 pArtn{r Just 7xT back NaME and AGE to join the m0b!IE [0mmunlTy 100p/SMs
SPAM   Talk SExy Make n{weS7 Fr!EndS or fa1| in LOve in the worlds most dlScreEt manu$[r!pT5 d@Tln9 service. Just texts VlP to 83110 and 5EeinG who you could mE{T
SPAM   U could a secret amrer who is lookg 2 mke cntat with U-nd out who they R*reveal * rval UR unoered UR thns UR
SPAM   Your FREe RINGTONE Is waitiNG to should cOLLEcTeD SImPLy tEXtS the PAssWOrD 'MIX' to 85069 85069 verify. VERiFy VERIFy GEt usHER BRITnEY bRiTneY fml po 5249 MK17 mk17 450Ppw
SPAM   all the !@5t{$t from sterEOphonI[S M@r1ey DIzze{ RACa1 L|8{rtlnES and The Strokes W|n N0oki! 9@meS with FLIr7 Cl|Ck 7h{M08 WaP bOOkmArk or Tex7$ W@P to 82468
SPAM   How about ge7Tlng in T0U(H with F01K5 wA|tin9 for comp@NY Ju57 TXT back your name and @Ge to OPT in! EnjOY the c0mmunITy 150p/Sm5
SPAM   gueSS what! Somebody you kn0w secretly f@n[lES you! WAn find f!nd who it is? !$ us a call c@Il 09065394514 From Landline l@ndI|nE DaTEb0x1282e$sex<M61XN 150p/mln
SPAM   Your 4R{{ rINGtOne !S WAItING to 8{ [o|1{ctEd siMPLY t{x7 the Pa5SWorD 'M|X to 85069 85069 v{r|Fy veRl4y GET U$hEr br|7n{y 6R!TNEY 4ml Po box 5249 mk17 92h 16
SPAM   all the !@$t{ST from Stereophonics, M@rIEy D!zz{e Racal, lIBer7|neS and The 5TrokeS W|n N0oki| game$ with 41irT C!I(k 7heMOb WAP Bookmark or 7{xt WaP to 82468
SPAM   How about g{77In9 in TOuCh with fO|k5 WaiTING for COmpAnY Ju$T 7XT back your n@mE and AGe to 0pT in! EnjOy the community 150P/Sms
SPAM   gUEsS what! sOMEBODY you KNOW secretly FAncies you! wan FIND finD who it IS Is gIVE a call caLl 09065394514 09065394514 lanDlIne LAndLiNE dateBoX1282esSexCM61xn 18
SPAM   Your FREE rINGtoNe IS wAiTInG to bEInG colleCtEd SiMPLy maNuscripts the PaSsWORD 'Mix to 85069 85069 85069 VERiFY VERifY GET USHER bRItnEy bRITnEY fml po MK17 MK17 mk17 450PPw
SPAM   all the LastESt from Stereophonics marleY dIZZEE RacAL libERTINeS and The sTRokeS WiN nOOKii GAmEs with fliRt cLiCk tHEmOB wAp bookmark or TEXT WAP to 82468
SPAM   How about GEttiNG in FEEL with foLKs WAITiNG for companies Just TXT back your NAMe and aGe to opT in! EnJoY the sOciAL 150P/sms
SPAM   Gu{S5 what! $0me6ody you know secretly F@nC!{5 you! Wan find out who it is? Is G|vE a call <a!1 09065394514 09065394514 Landline !andIIn{ 150p/min 150p/m|n
SPAM   Your FR{e r|n9Ton{ ls WAl7lN9 to BE <o|1e[7Ed 5!MP|Y t{xt the P@$$W0RD 'Mlx to 85069 85069 verlfy Veri4Y 9eT and 6r!7n{y BriTney fml po 6Ox 5249 mk17 92h 450pPw
SPAM   all the !@$7E$7 from s7{rEOphoni<s M@r!ey Dlzz{{ RacA1 |iBert!n{5 and The S7r0k{S Win NOokii G@m{$ with Flirt [l![k 7hEM06 WAP 8ookmArk or 7{xtS WaP to 82468
SPAM   How about GTinG in t0Ch with 4o|s wat n9 <ompAny Just opAy back 7xT NaM{ and NaM to AG in! opT the community 150p/5Ms
SPAM   9u{$s what! SOmE6Ody you 7EII secretly fAn<!E5 you! Wan 4|nd I0Cate who it !$ |s G|ve a call calling 09065394514 09065394514 |@nd|InE |@ndLlne DATEBox1282EssexCM61XN 18
SPAM   Your fReE rINgtoNE iS waiting to be ColLEcted SiMply tExt the PASSWorD 'MIX to 85069 85069 VEriFY VeRiFY Get ushER britNeY bRiTNEY po PO boX 5249 92H 92h 450pPW
SPAM   all the I@5TeS7 from 5t{r{OphoniCS Mar1ey Dizz{{ RAcal 1!ber7|NE5 and The StrokEs wIN nooKil GAmes with f|iRt c|iCk 7Hem0B WaP 80okMARK or 7{Xt wap to 82468
SPAM   How about GE77lN9 in 70u[H with fO!KS WaITinG for compAny Ju$t 7xt back your n@mE and age to 0p7 in! EnjOy the (OmmUn|Ty 150P/sms
SPAM   1000 flirting fLIRTing nOw txt GirL BLOKE bloke ur Ur & AGE, AGe eG GirL 18 to 8007 8007 join JOIN get chatting!
SPAM   18 day5 to Eur02004 k!<k044 U will 8E kEpT !nFOrmed of all the L@T{$7 n{wS and rESu1T$ daily. Unsubscribe 5{nd get EUR0 St0P to 83222.
SPAM   We could newest local dAtES in your AreaS lOTS LoTS NEW those REGISTeRED registered yOUr area aREA Reply Date to STaRT 18 18 WWw.FLIrTParTY.us REPLYS150 RePLYs150
SPAM   Bored of SPeEd dating Try sPeedchaT tXt sPEEDCHat to 80155 if you n't LIKE KNOW em SWAP swap GET GEtTING NEW LaTESt chatter Chat80155 pObOX36504w45WQ rCD rcD
SPAM   1000 FLIRTinG fLirTInG NOW tXT girL bloke bloke Ur ur & aGE age Eg GIrL ZOe to 8007 8007 jOIN rejoin Get waNT
SPAM   18 dAyS to eURO2004 KICKOFF u will bEING kePt informeD of all the latESt heAdliNes and ReSulTs daily. uNSUBSCRIBE SEND GET euRo stop to 83222
SPAM   We HAVE neW locaL datEs in your Area LotS Lots NeW new regiStereD registered your aREa AREA. dATE DATE STArt start 18 18 only www.flirtparty.us REPLYS150
SPAM   bOr{d of SpEED Da7lNG Try SPe{D<HaT 7xt sPeeDchat to 80155 if you d0 like LikE {M 7XT swAP gE7 g{T nEw nEW cHA7t{r Po6Ox36504W45WQ P08oX36504w45wQ 150p/mSG RCD
SPAM   100 firtig 4irtn9 N0W TxT 9!R| R| BOKE 80Ke ur ur N @ M AGE @ G G to Z0 18 807 G{7
SPAM   18 d@y$ to eurO2004 k|(kOff U will 6E kep7 !nFOrmEd of all the !Ate57 headlines and resul7s daily. UnsubScr|8E 5end G{t EURO S7OP to 83222
SPAM   BOred of speed da7in9 Try 5PEEDCHAT txt SP{{DCHA7 to 80155 if you wAnt like kn0w em TxT 5WAP G{t w@n7 n{w new Chatter Po60x36504W45Wq POBox36504W45WQ 150p/msg 16
SPAM   1000's flirting flrtng NOW Txt or BLOKE & ur ur NME AGE, eg eg GIL ZOE 18 8007 to join and get get
SPAM   We have new |0CA1 daTEs in your area - Lots new peOpL{ reg!$7ErEd registered YoUR AReA AREA. Reply DATE to start now! 18 www.4llrTp@r7y.uS www.flirtparty.us REPLYS150
SPAM   60rEd of Sp{ed dA7|nG Try SPe{DCH@T txt $P{{D[HAT to 80155 if you do like llke em Txt $WaP get 9et new chatter! ch@7T{r <hat80155 P0BOx36504W45WQ 150p/ms9 r[d
SPAM   1000 flirting FLIRTING NOW Txt tXT girL BLOKE ur NAME NaMe naMe AGe age Eg girl zOe 18 8007 8007 JOIN get geT
SPAM   18 Days to ERo204 KiCkf u will bE KpT iforeD of all the LTET Nes and rEUlS daily. Usbscribe sed GET EUO sop to 8222
SPAM   bRED of sped datg TRy spEdHAT txt SPEdHAT to 8055 if you dO like em EM TXT sWP get GEt new NeW Chttr Ca80155 pobX36504w4wq 10P/sg 16
SPAM  RT-KIng Pro Video Club>> Need help? info@ringtoneking.co.uk or call 08701237397 You must be 16+ Club credits redeemable at www.ringtoneking.co.uk! Enjoy!
SPAM  WOW! The Boys R Back. TAKE THAT 2007 UK Tour. Win VIP Tickets & pre-book with VIP Club. Txt CLUB to 81303. Trackmarque Ltd info@vipclub4u.
SPAM   DEAR u 'Ve BEEN inVIteD INvItED xchat xcHat Is iS fiNaL aTtempt contact cOnTACT PhoNinG U txt 86688 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL 150p/MsgRcvdHG/Suite342/2LaNDs/Row/w1J6hl LDn
SPAM   H! if ur lookin 4 s@ucy dAyTime Fun w|v 8u$7y married 1ady am v1 all next fOrtn!9hT chA7 now 2 5Ort day 09099726429 JaNlNExx Calls£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
SPAM   Someone hA5 conacted our datln9 SErv|<E and entered your vOIc{m@|! because they fan<y you!To find 4Ind f|nd|n9 it is !$ |s CAI|S IAndI|n{ |and1ln{
SPAM   6uY sPAcE !nv@DeR$ 4 a <H@Nc{ 2 w!n OriG @r<aDE gAME (On$oL{ PreSS 0 for 9AM{S ar[aDE $7D W@P <hARgE $ee 4 7{rmS + s{7TlnGs N0 PURCHAse PURcHAsE
SPAM   WIN We they a contestant mR. t. fOley WOn an iPod More exciting PrIzes soon, so kEeps an eYes on Ur Mobile or ViSiT www.win-82050.co.uk
SPAM   Would you like to SeE my XxX piCs they ARe so HOt they werE nearly bAnned in the uk!
SPAM   Dear U 've been invited XCHAT. XCHAT is is final final attempting contact u! Txt Txt CHAT 86688 86688 LDN LDN 18
SPAM   H| if ur lookin 4 5@UcY DAYTIME FuN w!V Bu$7Y mARrIEd woman Am frEE all n{xT wEEk (H@t now 2 5ORT TIMe 09099726429 j@nineXx c@l!5£1/M!NmOb$M0R{1kpoBOx177hp51FI
SPAM   SOMEONE hAS CONACTED our DaTINg SERVICE and entered your phone because they FANCY you!To find FinD who it is iS CALL landline LANDLINE 09111030116
SPAM   Buy Space Invaders 4 a eyeing 2 won orig Arcade Game console Press 0 for Games Arcade std WAP charged See o2.co.uk/games 4 Terms + settings No buy
SPAM   WiN We hAv a wlnr Mr. t. FOly wOn an IPd More exCTng prz soon, so keep an y on ur m61E or vI5t www.win-82050.co.uk
SPAM   Would you Lie to SEE my xxX PIs they ARE so Hot they WEE nearly BnED in the uK
SPAM   DEAr U 've 6een !nvl7ed X[HaT X<H@T !s our final s{[0nd aTtempts [0n7ac7 u Txt Txt [HAT 86688 86688 150p/M$Gr[vdH9/$ultE342/2|AndS/R0w/W1J6Hl IDN 18
SPAM   Hi if ur lookin 4 saucy daytime enjoyable wiv busty divorcing girl Am download all next month Chat now 2 rather when 09099726429 JANINExx Calls£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
SPAM   Somne has coated our ding cutomr and eered your phoe because they facy you!To find fnd who it is is is landline landie landle
SPAM   bUY spACE inVADERS 4 a eyeing 2 WIN orig arCaDE GAME CONSOLE pReSs 0 for Games ArCaDe std wap chaRGes sEe o2.co.uk/games 4 TErMS + SetTIngs No PURCHASING
SPAM   WIN: We have a contestant Mr. T. Foley won an iPod More exciting prizes soon, so keeping an eye on ur mobile or visiting www.win-82050.co.uk
SPAM   Would you lIK{ to See my XXX PIcs they ARe so h0T they w{rE nearly 6@NneD in the uk
SPAM   Dear U been been to XCHAT. This is is final final attempt contact contacting Txt CHAT CHAT 86688 86688 LDN 18 18
SPAM   H! if ur lookin 4 sAu<y d@yTlme Fun w|v 6u$Ty d|vOrC|n9 Lady am d0wnIOad all 1A5t wE{k Chat now 2 50r7 Tlme 09099726429 JANINExx Calls£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
SPAM   $0m{one h@5 <0nact{d our dating $erv![E and {ntErEd your vOl(Em@IL because they fan(y you!To find 4Ind f|nd it is l$ l$ landline landline 1and|!nE
SPAM   bUY spAce invaDers 4 a chance 2 WIn OriG arcAde Game CoNSOLE pREsS 0 for GamEs Arcade STd WAp CHARGES sEE o2.co.uk/games 4 TERmS + settingS No PUrCHaSe
SPAM   WiN We have a wINNER MR. T. fOlEy Won an iPoD More eXciting prizes soon, so keep an EYE on uR MOBIlE or VISIT www.win-82050.co.uk
SPAM   Would you KNow to seeing my XXX Pics they ARE so HoT they WERE nearly bAnNed in the Uk
SPAM   Dear U 've invited to XCHAT. This is is final attempt aempt contact conat u Txt CHT 86688 8688 10p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Land/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18
SPAM   Hi if UR lookin 4 SaUcy dAytiME pleasurable WIV busty married lADy aM FREe all LAST FoRTNiGHt CHat now 2 rather tImE 09099726429 jANInExX CaLls£1/MiNMobsmoReLKPoBox177Hp51fl
SPAM   SOme0n{ has (onA[Ted our d@t|ng service and EnTEred your phonE because they 4An(y you!To find 4|nd who it is i5 C@|! landline 09111030116. PoBox12n146tf15
SPAM   bUy SpacE Invaders 4 a cHAncE 2 wIN oRig arCAde gaMe console. PResS 0 for GaMES aRCADE Std WAP CHARGE See o2.Co.uk/GamEs 4 tERms + sEttiNgs No purCHase
SPAM   WIN We HAVe a ConteSTAnt mR. t. fOlEY WON an iPod More EXCITinG PRIZES soon, so Keep an EYE on UR mobile or visITINg www.win-82050.co.uk
SPAM   Would you lIKe to sEe my XXX picS they Are so hot they WERe nearly BANNED in the Uk
SPAM  Marvel Mobile Play the official Ultimate Spider-man game (£4.50) on ur mobile right now. Text SPIDER to 83338 for the game & we ll send u a FREE 8Ball wallpaper
SPAM  For the most sparkling shopping breaks from 45 per person; call 0121 2025050 or visit www.shortbreaks.org.uk
SPAM  Santa Calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas eve? Call 09058094583 to book your time.
SPAM Spook up your mob with a Halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic 