LEGI	I called you at 13:11 07.01.21
LEGI	I called you at 09:17 02.07.20
LEGI	I called you at 18:49 27.12.20
LEGI	I didn't get through to you, Because I left a message on the answering machine at 12:08 04.01. To listen free: 775. Info ebout: 477*33
LEGI	I didn't get through to you, Because I left a message on the answering machine at 18:46 15.01. To listen free: 775. Info ebout: 477*33
LEGI	I didn't get through to you, Because I left a message on the answering machine at 09:15 14.11. To listen free: 775. Info ebout: 477*33
LEGI	I didn't get through to you, Because I left a message on the answering machine at 12:08 04.01. To listen free: 775. Info ebout: 477*33
LEGI	The subscriber +380638459213 is connected again. Call back please.
LEGI	The subscriber +380978514976 is connected again. Call back please.
LEGI	The subscriber +380958214359 is connected again. Call back please.
LEGI	I have done my conversation. Call me back please.
LEGI	Don't fret. I'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. You wont get them til like march. Can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.Okay.
LEGI	NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
LEGI	Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
LEGI	You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what we're doing tomorrow
LEGI	Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary
LEGI	Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c u...
LEGI	Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
LEGI	on hen night. Going with a swing
LEGI	Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
LEGI	From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
LEGI	No you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)
LEGI	S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
LEGI	Ok ill tell the company
LEGI	Awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
LEGI	So that means you still think of teju
LEGI	No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?
LEGI	No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
LEGI	So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
LEGI	Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
LEGI	So check your errors and if you had difficulties, do correction.
LEGI	Howz pain?hope u r fine..
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	Good morning princess! How are you?
LEGI	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
LEGI	U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
LEGI	K do I need a login or anything
LEGI	LOL ... No just was busy
LEGI	What * u wearing?
LEGI	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
LEGI	Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
LEGI	Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
LEGI	And is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.
LEGI	Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
LEGI	Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
LEGI	Ok... Help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
LEGI	I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
LEGI	Not a drop in the tank
LEGI	(That said can you text him one more time?)
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	Ok i go change also...
LEGI	Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.
LEGI	Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
LEGI	Hey.. Something came up last min.. Think i wun be signing up tmr.. Hee
LEGI	He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
LEGI	Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
LEGI	Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
LEGI	You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
LEGI	K. I will sent it again
LEGI	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
LEGI	Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
LEGI	Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
LEGI	I am not having her number sir
LEGI	Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
LEGI	Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
LEGI	Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
LEGI	Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
LEGI	Happy new years melody!
LEGI	U dun need to pick ur gf?
LEGI	Yay! You better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
LEGI	Horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
LEGI	Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? 
LEGI	Just nw i came to hme da..
LEGI	I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
LEGI	To day class is there are no class.
LEGI	I'm in chennai velachery:)
LEGI	You flippin your shit yet?
LEGI	K give me a sec, breaking a  &lt;#&gt;  at cstore
LEGI	Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
LEGI	Yo, you around? Just got my car back
LEGI	Annoying isn't it.
LEGI	Goodmorning, Today i am late for  &lt;#&gt; min.
LEGI	There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
LEGI	All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
LEGI	In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
LEGI	We're done...
LEGI	Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
LEGI	I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a sLEGIe we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
LEGI	Ok... C ya...
LEGI	What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
LEGI	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
LEGI	Al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.xx
LEGI	NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
LEGI	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
LEGI	I know she called me
LEGI	Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
LEGI	Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
LEGI	I need you to be in my strong arms...
LEGI	Also maaaan are you missing out
LEGI	His bday real is in april .
LEGI	Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
LEGI	Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
LEGI	Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
LEGI	Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
LEGI	I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
LEGI	that would be good I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
LEGI	Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
LEGI	K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
LEGI	True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
LEGI	Prakesh is there know.
LEGI	Teach me apps da. When you come to college.
LEGI	Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
LEGI	Jus ans me lar. U'll noe later.
LEGI	I want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
LEGI	have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
LEGI	1's finish meeting call me.
LEGI	Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
LEGI	"Hello-/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite x ros xxxxxxx"
LEGI	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
LEGI	How much are we getting?
LEGI	Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
LEGI	Dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!
LEGI	Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
LEGI	Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
LEGI	I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
LEGI	Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
LEGI	No shoot me. I'm in the docs waiting room. :/
LEGI	Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
LEGI	Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
LEGI	I do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! I'm goin2bed now. Night night sweet! Only1more sleep! 
LEGI	Horrible gal. Me in sch doing some stuff. How come u got mc?
LEGI	HI HUN! IM NOT COMIN 2NITE-TELL EVERY1 IM SORRY 4 ME, HOPE U AVA GOODTIME!OLI RANG MELNITE IFINK IT MITE B SORTED,BUT IL EXPLAIN EVERYTHIN ON MON.L8RS.x
LEGI	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
LEGI	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
LEGI	Yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
LEGI	Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition... 
LEGI	What your plan for pongal?
LEGI	Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.
LEGI	Not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus..
LEGI	Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
LEGI	Honey boo I'm missing u.
LEGI	We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
LEGI	Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
LEGI	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
LEGI	Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
LEGI	I will see in half an hour
LEGI	Im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever by leafcutter john-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
LEGI	"Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny,just been in bedbut mite go 2 thepub l8tr if uwana mt up?loads a luv Jenxxx."
LEGI	SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
LEGI	Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
LEGI	Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
LEGI	If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
LEGI	Ok...
LEGI	Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
LEGI	Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
LEGI	Can do lor...
LEGI	Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
LEGI	Can i meet u at 5.. As 4 where depends on where u wan 2 in lor..
LEGI	Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
LEGI	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
LEGI	Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
LEGI	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
LEGI	Yes i thought so. Thanks.
LEGI	But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
LEGI	Just wondering, the others just took off
LEGI	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
LEGI	What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
LEGI	Happy new year to u too!
LEGI	Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
LEGI	Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... U got lect at 12 rite... 
LEGI	Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
LEGI	Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
LEGI	Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
LEGI	Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
LEGI	TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
LEGI	Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
LEGI	K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?
LEGI	Your daily text from me a favour this time
LEGI	Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
LEGI	Those cocksuckers. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
LEGI	I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
LEGI	FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT
LEGI	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI	Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
LEGI	Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
LEGI	I jokin oni lar.. U busy then i wun disturb u.
LEGI	Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
LEGI	I.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. I.ll get a bb soon. Just trying to be sure i need it.
LEGI	U r too much close to my heart. If u go away i will be shattered. Plz stay with me.
LEGI	I love u 2 babe! R u sure everything is alrite. Is he being an idiot? Txt bak girlie
LEGI	How abt making some of the pics bigger?
LEGI	Got but got 2 colours lor. One colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. Actually i'm done she's styling my hair now.
LEGI	Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)
LEGI	Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
LEGI	Ok...
LEGI	Correct. So how was work today
LEGI	Just sent again. Do you scream and moan in bed, princess?
LEGI	I wake up long ago already... Dunno, what other thing?
LEGI	Oh just getting even with u.... u?
LEGI	I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did u leave a line in between paragraphs?
LEGI	Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai &amp; have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
LEGI	Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
LEGI	Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
LEGI	My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
LEGI	I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
LEGI	Aight no rush, I'll ask jay
LEGI	Good Morning plz call me sir
LEGI	It's ok lar. U sleep early too... Nite...
LEGI	Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
LEGI	Oh ! A half hour is much longer in Syria than Canada, eh ? Wow you must get SO much more work done in a day than us with all that extra time ! *grins*
LEGI	Sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. But to find out who cares enough to break the walls &amp; get closer.. GOODNOON:)
LEGI	Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
LEGI	Then she buying today? U no need to c meh...
LEGI	Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
LEGI	Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
LEGI	Might ax well im there.
LEGI	Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
LEGI	Yeah I'll try to scrounge something up
LEGI	Crazy ar he's married. U like gd looking guys not me. My frens like say he's korean leona's fave but i dun thk he is. Aft some thinking mayb most prob i'll go.
LEGI	Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
LEGI	Que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
LEGI	Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
LEGI	She doesnt need any test.
LEGI	Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
LEGI	Bugis oso near wat... 
LEGI	Yo theres no class tmrw right?
LEGI	Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
LEGI	Goodnight, sleep well da please take care pa. Please.
LEGI	Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
LEGI	Convey my regards to him
LEGI	U ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
LEGI	Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy
LEGI	If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
LEGI	&lt;#&gt; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  &lt;#&gt;  frnds in &lt;#&gt;  mins whn u read...
LEGI	Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
LEGI	Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
LEGI	What does the dance river do?
LEGI	Yetunde, i'm sorry but moji and i seem too busy to be able to go shopping. Can you just please find some other way to get what you wanted us to get. Please forgive me. You can reply free via yahoo messenger.
LEGI	Hey i will be really pretty late... You want to go for the lesson first? I will join you. I'm only reaching tp mrt
LEGI	Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
LEGI	I don't know, same thing that's wrong everyso often, he panicks starts goin on bout not bein good enough
LEGI	Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
LEGI	Did you try making another butt.
LEGI	Hope you are feeling great. Pls fill me in. Abiola
LEGI	I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something sound ok?
LEGI	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
LEGI	We're finally ready fyi
LEGI	Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
LEGI	Ya tel, wats ur problem..
LEGI	i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
LEGI	We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us.. But what we forget is.. "paths are made by walking.. not by waiting.." Goodnight!
LEGI	Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
LEGI	Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
LEGI	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
LEGI	That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
LEGI	All e best 4 ur exam later.
LEGI	Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
LEGI	Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
LEGI	Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
LEGI	I wonder how you got online, my love ? Had you gone to the net cafe ? Did you get your phone recharged ? Were you on a friends net ? I think of you, boytoy
LEGI	Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
LEGI	Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
LEGI	Oh ok..
LEGI	R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
LEGI	Thats cool! I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
LEGI	Shall i start from hear.
LEGI	Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
LEGI	No did you check? I got his detailed message now
LEGI	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
LEGI	No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers
LEGI	Kaiez... Enjoy ur tuition... Gee... Thk e second option sounds beta... I'll go yan jiu den msg u...
LEGI	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
LEGI	cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
LEGI	Actually getting ready to leave the house.
LEGI	K..k..any special today?
LEGI	Then we gotta do it after that
LEGI	I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
LEGI	Where at were hungry too
LEGI	Pls speak to that customer machan.
LEGI	somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
LEGI	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
LEGI	So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
LEGI	Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
LEGI	No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
LEGI	No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
LEGI	Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
LEGI	"Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence..." Gud mrng:-)
LEGI	No. She's currently in scotland for that.
LEGI	Do you work all this week ?
LEGI	Lol great now im getting hungry.
LEGI	Yes.. now only saw your message..
LEGI	I'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
LEGI	Ok...
LEGI	THING R GOOD THANX GOT EXAMS IN MARCH IVE DONE NO REVISION? IS FRAN STILL WITH BOYF? IVE GOTTA INTERVIW 4 EXETER BIT WORRIED!x
LEGI	Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who "smokes too much" for the entire month of february, I'll come up
LEGI	Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
LEGI	My painful personal thought- "I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone"
LEGI	Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
LEGI	You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
LEGI	I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
LEGI	Dad went out oredi... 
LEGI	I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
LEGI	Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
LEGI	Arms fine, how's Cardiff and uni? 
LEGI	In fact when do you leave? I think addie goes back to school tues or wed
LEGI	Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: "GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A NICE DAY" :)
LEGI	Ya:)going for restaurant..
LEGI	Its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
LEGI	Those ducking chinchillas
LEGI	I am in a marriage function
LEGI	Looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company I could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
LEGI	Don't give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly dont mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
LEGI	say thanks2. 
LEGI	Msg me when rajini comes.
LEGI	Ya! when are u taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..  
LEGI	That's good, because I need drugs
LEGI	Stupid.its not possible
LEGI	Can u all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
LEGI	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
LEGI	Take some small dose tablet for fever
LEGI	Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
LEGI	Just sent you an email to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
LEGI	Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early
LEGI	Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
LEGI	Nice. Wait...should you be texting right now? I'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
LEGI	I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
LEGI	Why you keeping me away like this
LEGI	I think its far more than that but find out. Check google maps for a place from your dorm.
LEGI	My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
LEGI	Have you always been saying welp?
LEGI	I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory
LEGI	Ok...
LEGI	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)
LEGI	Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
LEGI	I told your number to gautLEGI..
LEGI	Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
LEGI	Ok i juz receive..
LEGI	Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later.
LEGI	In the end she might still vomit but its okay. Not everything will come out.
LEGI	How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
LEGI	It has everything to do with the weather. Keep extra warm. Its a cold but nothing serious. Pls lots of vitamin c
LEGI	Hey gals.. Anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
LEGI	I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
LEGI	I'm putting it on now. It should be ready for  &lt;TIME&gt; 
LEGI	Time n Smile r the two crucial things in our life. Sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon
LEGI	Don no da:)whats you plan?
LEGI	Ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
LEGI	Oh my God. I'm almost home
LEGI	Total video converter free download type this in google search:)
LEGI	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
LEGI	Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
LEGI	When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... Gud nit.
LEGI	Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)
LEGI	Oops sorry. Just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. Would that be ok?
LEGI	Hey sweet, I was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? I want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? Could you tell me how to do that ? Or do you know some other way to download big files ? Because they can download stuff directly from the internet. Any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*
LEGI	Hows the cLEGIp just leaving glasgow!
LEGI	K:)all the best:)congrats...
LEGI	I wonder if you'll get this text?
LEGI	I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
LEGI	Shall i ask one thing if you dont mistake me.
LEGI	Check wid corect speling i.e. Sarcasm
LEGI	Are you angry with me. What happen dear
LEGI	I thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor... Cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
LEGI	Yup ok thanx...
LEGI	Hi:)cts employee how are you?
LEGI	Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
LEGI	Wow ... I love you sooo much, you know ? I can barely stand it ! I wonder how your day goes and if you are well, my love ... I think of you and miss you
LEGI	No screaming means shouting..
LEGI	Hey what happen de. Are you alright.
LEGI	Should I have picked up a receipt or something earlier
LEGI	I think chennai well settled?
LEGI	Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
LEGI	Unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. We should try to go out one of th
LEGI	Horrible bf... I now v hungry...
LEGI	Remember on that day..
LEGI	How's it feel? Mr. Your not my real Valentine just my yo Valentine even tho u hardly play!!
LEGI	All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
LEGI	Midnight at the earliest
LEGI	You're not sure that I'm not trying to make xavier smoke because I don't want to smoke after being told I smoke too much?
LEGI	K come to nordstrom when you're done
LEGI	Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
LEGI	Now press conference da:)
LEGI	After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
LEGI	Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?
LEGI	Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
LEGI	Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
LEGI	Me, i dont know again oh
LEGI	Dude sux for snake. He got old and raiden got buff
LEGI	He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
LEGI	In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.
LEGI	U too...
LEGI	Ok how you dear. Did you call chechi
LEGI	Yeah we do totes. When u wanna?
LEGI	Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
LEGI	Good sleep is about rhythm. The person has to establish a rhythm that the body will learn and use. If you want to know more :-)
LEGI	Wat r u doing?
LEGI	Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
LEGI	Single line with a big meaning::::: "Miss anything 4 ur "Best Life" but, don't miss ur best life for anything... Gud nyt...
LEGI	Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?
LEGI	Dnt worry...use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take 2 tablets.
LEGI	Dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. Sux
LEGI	Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
LEGI	Tmrw. Im finishing 9 doors
LEGI	The  &lt;#&gt; g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  &lt;#&gt;  and with 3g for  &lt;#&gt; . That's why i blanked him.
LEGI	I am late. I will be there at
LEGI	whatever, im pretty pissed off.
LEGI	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
LEGI	I dont have that much image in class.
LEGI	No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
LEGI	Near kalainar tv office.thenampet
LEGI	My sis is catching e show in e afternoon so i'm not watching w her. So c u wan 2 watch today or tmr lor.
LEGI	Sounds gd... Haha... Can... Wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
LEGI	No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
LEGI	Remember all those whom i hurt during days of satanic imposter in me.need to pay a price,so be it.may destiny keep me going and as u said pray that i get the mind to get over the same.
LEGI	How to Make a girl Happy? It's not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be... 1. A friend 2. Companion 3. Lover 4. Chef . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Good listener  &lt;#&gt; . Organizer  &lt;#&gt; . Good boyfriend  &lt;#&gt; . Very clean  &lt;#&gt; . Sympathetic  &lt;#&gt; . Athletic  &lt;#&gt; . Warm . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Courageous  &lt;#&gt; . Determined  &lt;#&gt; . True  &lt;#&gt; . Dependable  &lt;#&gt; . Intelligent . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Psychologist  &lt;#&gt; . Pest exterminator  &lt;#&gt; . Psychiatrist  &lt;#&gt; . Healer . .  &lt;#&gt; . Stylist  &lt;#&gt; . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam..
LEGI	Why is that, princess? I bet the brothas are all chasing you!
LEGI	I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?
LEGI	Hhahhaahahah rofl wtf nig was leonardo in your room or something
LEGI	Yep, at derek's house now, see you Sunday &lt;3
LEGI	It's cool, let me know before it kicks off around  &lt;#&gt; , I'll be out and about all day
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  &lt;#&gt;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
LEGI	There are no other charges after transfer charges and you can withdraw anyhow you like
LEGI	Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
LEGI	At 4. Let's go to bill millers
LEGI	I love you. You set my soul on fire. It is not just a spark. But it is a flame. A big rawring flame. XoXo
LEGI	Somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. And God has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . Enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)
LEGI	That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
LEGI	Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
LEGI	Daddy will take good care of you :)
LEGI	Yeah probably, I still gotta check out with leo
LEGI	K.then any other special?
LEGI	Carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are done/want to smoke and I'll tell him to haul ass
LEGI	Ok pa. Nothing problem:-)
LEGI	Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
LEGI	God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
LEGI	When you came to hostel.
LEGI	Ok no prob... I'll come after lunch then...
LEGI	Jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
LEGI	Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?
LEGI	You all ready for * big day tomorrow?
LEGI	I'll probably be around mu a lot
LEGI	645
LEGI	Thnx dude. u guys out 2nite?
LEGI	Me sef dey laugh you. Meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
LEGI	Mm i had my food da from out
LEGI	K, makes sense, btw carlos is being difficult so you guys are gonna smoke while I go pick up the second batch and get gas
LEGI	Did u download the fring app?
LEGI	The 2 oz guy is being kinda flaky but one friend is interested in picking up $ &lt;#&gt;  worth tonight if possible
LEGI	Friends that u can stay on fb chat with
LEGI	Fuck babe, I miss you sooooo much !! I wish you were here to sleep with me ... My bed is so lonely ... I go now, to sleep ... To dream of you, my love ...
LEGI	Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult.. Gud nte.:-
LEGI	Yes princess! I want to make you happy...
LEGI	Sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
LEGI	I am going to film 2day da. At 6pm. Sorry da.
LEGI	We not watching movie already. Xy wants 2 shop so i'm shopping w her now.
LEGI	Hello my little party animal! I just thought I'd buzz you as you were with your friends ...*grins*... Reminding you were loved and send a naughty adoring kiss
LEGI	Yesterday its with me only . Now am going home.
LEGI	You have come into my life and brought the sun ..Shiny down on me, warming my heart. Putting a constant smile on my face ... Making me feel loved and cared for
LEGI	No shit, but I wasn't that surprised, so I went and spent the evening with that french guy I met in town here and we fooled around a bit but I didn't let him fuck me
LEGI	Alright, we're all set here, text the man
LEGI	Hi , where are you? We're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?
LEGI	Sleeping nt feeling well
LEGI	U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!
LEGI	India have to take lead:)
LEGI	I.ll post her out l8r. In class
LEGI	Thts wat Wright Brother did to fly..
LEGI	Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!
LEGI	If u laugh really loud.. If u talk spontaneously.. If u dont care what others feel.. U are probably with your dear &amp; best friends.. GOODEVENING Dear..:)
LEGI	ITS A LAPTOP TAKE IT WITH YOU.
LEGI	I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
LEGI	I wan but too early lei... Me outside now wun b home so early... Neva mind then...
LEGI	I was at bugis juz now wat... But now i'm walking home oredi... U so late then reply... I oso saw a top dat i like but din buy... Where r u now? 
LEGI	Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
LEGI	At 7 we will go ok na.
LEGI	Yes I posted a couple of pics on fb. There's still snow outside too. I'm just waking up :)
LEGI	S:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
LEGI	Yeah, where's your class at?
LEGI	No just send to you. Bec you in temple na.
LEGI	You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!
LEGI	S but mostly not like that.
LEGI	U v ma fan...
LEGI	Dunno cos i was v late n when i reach they inside already... But we ate spageddies lor... It's e gals who r laughing at me lor...
LEGI	Guess who spent all last night phasing in and out of the fourth dimension
LEGI	So now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
LEGI	Yes..but they said its IT.,
LEGI	Very hurting n meaningful lines ever: "I compromised everything for my love, But at d end my love compromised me for everything:-(".. Gud mornin:-)
LEGI	Lmao!nice 1
LEGI	Glad to see your reply.
LEGI	Nah dub but je still buff
LEGI	Painful words- "I thought being Happy was the most toughest thing on Earth... But, the toughest is acting Happy with all unspoken pain inside.."
LEGI	Yeah, that's fine! It's ?6 to get in, is that ok? 
LEGI	Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
LEGI	So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
LEGI	Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
LEGI	Okay... We wait ah
LEGI	Y lei?
LEGI	HI BABE U R MOST LIKELY TO BE IN BED BUT IM SO SORRY ABOUT TONIGHT! I REALLY WANNA SEE U TOMORROW SO CALL ME AT 9. LOVE ME XXX
LEGI	Already am squatting is the new way of walking
LEGI	Do you want bold 2 or bb torch
LEGI	Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep
LEGI	I don't know but I'm raping dudes at poker
LEGI	Weightloss! No more girl friends. Make loads of money on ebay or something. And give thanks to God.
LEGI	Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
LEGI	U eatin later but i'm eatin wif my frens now lei... U going home first? 
LEGI	Finish already... Yar they keep saying i mushy... I so embarrassed ok...
LEGI	Sorry man, my stash ran dry last night and I can't pick up more until sunday
LEGI	Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
LEGI	Ok...
LEGI	Please ask mummy to call father
LEGI	Can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy... Haha...
LEGI	I have lost 10 kilos as of today!
LEGI	Just taste fish curry :-P
LEGI	What can i do? Might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. Traffic moves slovely. So plz slip &amp; don't worry.
LEGI	Yun ah.now u wkg where?btw if u go nus sc. U wana specialise in wad?
LEGI	Yes! I am a one woman man! Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
LEGI	Was doing my test earlier. I appreciate you. Will call you tomorrow.
LEGI	How's my loverboy doing ? What does he do that keeps him from coming to his Queen, hmmm ? Doesn't he ache to speak to me ? Miss me desparately ?
LEGI	U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... Muz b a guy rite...
LEGI	(No promises on when though, haven't even gotten dinner yet)
LEGI	I got your back! Do you have any dislikes in bed?
LEGI	o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
LEGI	Yeah I don't see why not
LEGI	Asking do u knw them or nt? May be ur frnds or classmates?
LEGI	Sorry about earlier. Putting out fires.Are you around to talk after 9? Or do you actually have a life, lol!
LEGI	As in missionary hook up, doggy hook up, standing...|
LEGI	Then u better go sleep.. Dun disturb u liao.. U wake up then msg me lor..
LEGI	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
LEGI	Am watching house very entertaining am getting the whole hugh laurie thing even with the stick indeed especially with the stick.
LEGI	Thought praps you meant another one. Goodo! I'll look tomorrow 
LEGI	Hi Jon, Pete here, Ive bin 2 Spain recently & hav sum dinero left, Bill said u or ur curents mayb interested in it, I hav 12,000pes, so around ?48, tb, James.
LEGI	There bold 2  &lt;#&gt; . Is that yours
LEGI	You know there is. I shall speak to you in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes then
LEGI	"ALRITE HUNNY!WOT U UP 2 2NITE? DIDNT END UP GOIN DOWN TOWN JUS DA PUB INSTEAD! JUS CHILLIN AT DA MO IN ME BEDROOM!LOVE JEN XXX."
LEGI	I went to project centre
LEGI	As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
LEGI	Lol yeah at this point I guess not
LEGI	Doing project w frens lor. 
LEGI	Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
LEGI	K, can that happen tonight?
LEGI	I think we're going to finn's now, come
LEGI	Why tired what special there you had
LEGI	I will come tomorrow di
LEGI	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI	K go and sleep well. Take rest:-).
LEGI	U guys never invite me anywhere :(
LEGI	I can do that! I want to please you both inside and outside the bedroom...
LEGI	"EY! CALM DOWNON THEACUSATIONS.. ITXT U COS IWANA KNOW WOTU R DOIN AT THEW/END... HAVENTCN U IN AGES..RING ME IF UR UP4 NETHING SAT.LOVE J XXX."
LEGI	I love to wine and dine my lady!
LEGI	I don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
LEGI	I think u have the wrong number.
LEGI	Feel Yourself That You Are Always Happy.. Slowly It Becomes Your Habit &amp; Finally It Becomes Part Of Your Life.. Follow It.. Happy Morning &amp; Have A Happy Day:)
LEGI	DO NOT B LATE LOVE MUM
LEGI	Got it..mail panren paru..
LEGI	* Was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
LEGI	Give one miss from that number please
LEGI	Jus came back fr lunch wif my sis only. U leh?
LEGI	How is your schedule next week? I am out of town this weekend.
LEGI	Really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
LEGI	Lmao ok I wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
LEGI	Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya.
LEGI	Sorry i'm not free...
LEGI	Do u ever get a song stuck in your head for no reason and it won't go away til u listen to it like 5 times?
LEGI	Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
LEGI	Got ur mail Dileep.thank you so muchand look forward to lots of support...very less contacts here,remember one venugopal you mentioned.tomorrow if not late,i shall try to come up till there.goodnight dear.
LEGI	Sometimes Heart Remembrs someone Very much... Forgets someone soon... Bcoz Heart will not like everyone. But liked ones will be Remembered Everytime... BSLVYL
LEGI	Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
LEGI	K, want us to come by now?
LEGI	How. Its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
LEGI	Ha... Both of us doing e same thing. But i got tv 2 watch. U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
LEGI	Dont show yourself. How far. Put new pictures up on facebook.
LEGI	Watching tv now. I got new job :)
LEGI	Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!
LEGI	I'm not coming over, do whatever you want
LEGI	Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)
LEGI	Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
LEGI	;-( oh well, c u later
LEGI	My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
LEGI	No dear i do have free messages without any recharge. Hi hi hi
LEGI	Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
LEGI	I dun believe u. I thk u told him.
LEGI	Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
LEGI	Yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
LEGI	Arun can u transfr me d amt
LEGI	Takin a shower now but yeah I'll leave when I'm done
LEGI	Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat...
LEGI	You bad girl. I can still remember them
LEGI	How much i gave to you. Morning.
LEGI	I hope your alright babe? I worry that you might have felt a bit desparate when you learned the job was a fake ? I am here waiting when you come back, my love
LEGI	Hey, can you tell me blake's address? Carlos wanted me to meet him there but I got lost and he's not answering his phone
LEGI	Can i get your opinion on something first?
LEGI	That one week leave i put know that time. Why.
LEGI	If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)
LEGI	excellent. I spent  &lt;#&gt;  years in the Air Force. Iraq and afghanistan. I am stable and honest. do you like traveling?
LEGI	I wanna watch that movie
LEGI	Ok lor thanx... U in school?
LEGI	I'm in class. Did you get my text.
LEGI	The bus leaves at  &lt;#&gt; 
LEGI	God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
LEGI	Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.
LEGI	Aiyo a bit pai seh u noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...
LEGI	Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates
LEGI	Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?
LEGI	Do u all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?
LEGI	"Getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. My mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. Want 2 go. Txt bak .Terry"
LEGI	Yes we are chatting too.
LEGI	HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX
LEGI	Sian... Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... U working now?
LEGI	Are you going to write ccna exam this week??
LEGI	Well i will watch shrek in 3D!!B)
LEGI	Am i that much dirty fellow?
LEGI	Dunno dat's wat he told me. Ok lor...
LEGI	I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
LEGI	I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night
LEGI	If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
LEGI	Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?
LEGI	Sent me ur email id soon
LEGI	Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
LEGI	Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  &lt;#&gt; . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done.
LEGI	Hey gorgeous man. My work mobile number is. Have a good one babe. Squishy Mwahs.
LEGI	May i call You later Pls
LEGI	That's the way you should stay oh.
LEGI	Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!
LEGI	What time is ur flight tmr?
LEGI	When should I come over?
LEGI	I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
LEGI	* Will be september by then!
LEGI	Are you wet right now?
LEGI	And how's your husband.
LEGI	Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
LEGI	Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
LEGI	I am in your office na.
LEGI	"Are you comingdown later?"
LEGI	Super da:)good replacement for murali
LEGI	Da is good good player.why he is unsold.
LEGI	Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.
LEGI	Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
LEGI	I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen
LEGI	You got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.
LEGI	Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif u lei... 
LEGI	Dunno da next show aft 6 is 850. Toa payoh got 650.
LEGI	I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
LEGI	They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
LEGI	K.:)you are the only girl waiting in reception ah?
LEGI	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
LEGI	I hate when she does this. She turns what should be a fun shopping trip into an annoying day of how everything would look in her house.
LEGI	Sir, i am waiting for your call.
LEGI	What's up. Do you want me to come online?
LEGI	It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting
LEGI	Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
LEGI	The last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you. And i didn't think it would have. You'd laugh, be embarassed, delete the tag and keep going. But as far as i knew, it wasn't even up. The fact that you even felt like i would do it to hurt you shows you really don't know me at all. It was messy wednesday, but it wasn't bad. The problem i have with it is you HAVE the time to clean it, but you choose not to. You skype, you take pictures, you sleep, you want to go out. I don't mind a few things here and there, but when you don't make the bed, when you throw laundry on top of it, when i can't have a friend in the house because i'm embarassed that there's underwear and bras strewn on the bed, pillows on the floor, that's something else. You used to be good about at least making the bed.
LEGI	I'll let you know when it kicks in
LEGI	You call him now ok i said call him
LEGI	Call to the number which is available in appointment. And ask to connect the call to waheed fathima.
LEGI	Or u go buy wif him then i meet u later can?
LEGI	Mmmm ... Fuck ... Not fair ! You know my weaknesses ! *grins* *pushes you to your knee's* *exposes my belly and pulls your head to it* Don't forget ... I know yours too *wicked smile*
LEGI	Today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
LEGI	Mom wants to know where you at
LEGI	Aight, I'll text you when I'm back
LEGI	Dont know supports ass and srt i thnk. I think ps3 can play through usb too
LEGI	Oh ok i didnt know what you meant. Yep i am baby jontin
LEGI	Watching tv now. I got new job :)
LEGI	This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
LEGI	I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS
LEGI	Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
LEGI	Ok.. U finishing soon?
LEGI	Sorry, I can't help you on this.
LEGI	Come to me, slave. Your doing it again ... Going into your shell and unconsciously avoiding me ... You are making me unhappy :-(
LEGI	I love your ass! Do you enjoy doggy style? :)
LEGI	I think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. I jog.
LEGI	No. On the way home. So if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over
LEGI	I gotta collect da car at 6 lei.
LEGI	Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
LEGI	Probably earlier than that if the station's where I think it is
LEGI	Uh, heads up we don't have THAT much left
LEGI	I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
LEGI	Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?
LEGI	Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
LEGI	I love working from home :)
LEGI	And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	My sister got placed in birla soft da:-)
LEGI	Wah... Okie okie... Muz make use of e unlimited... Haha... 
LEGI	There're some people by mu, I'm at the table by lambda
LEGI	And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
LEGI	ELLO BABE U OK?
LEGI	Hello beautiful r u ok? I've kinda ad a row wiv and he walked out the pub?? I wanted a night wiv u Miss u 
LEGI	Then u going ikea str aft dat?
LEGI	Becoz its  &lt;#&gt;  jan whn al the post ofice is in holiday so she cn go fr the post ofice...got it duffer
LEGI	Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
LEGI	For real tho this sucks. I can't even cook my whole electricity is out. And I'm hungry.
LEGI	You want to go?
LEGI	Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
LEGI	Fffff. Can you text kadeem or are you too far gone
LEGI	We not leaving yet. Ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat. U thk...
LEGI	Is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
LEGI	Yar i wanted 2 scold u yest but late already... I where got zhong se qing you? If u ask me b4 he ask me then i'll go out w u all lor. N u still can act so real.
LEGI	Dont know you bring some food
LEGI	No current and food here. I am alone also
LEGI	I'll be in sch fr 4-6... I dun haf da book in sch... It's at home...
LEGI	Hello. They are going to the village pub at 8 so either come here or there accordingly. Ok?
LEGI	Ok
LEGI	We don call like  &lt;#&gt;  times oh. No give us hypertension oh.
LEGI	Dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly don't mind. Any friend of mine&all that! Just don't sleep wiv , that wud be annoyin!
LEGI	Omg it could snow here tonite!
LEGI	Carry on not disturbing both of you
LEGI	What pa tell me.. I went to bath:-)
LEGI	Jus finished avatar nigro
LEGI	R u over scratching it?
LEGI	Hope you are having a great day.
LEGI	Did either of you have any idea's? Do you know of anyplaces doing something?
LEGI	My planning usually stops at "find hella weed, smoke hella weed"
LEGI	The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly "what i want to do," not "what i need to do."
LEGI	Excellent! Are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
LEGI	K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
LEGI	I got lousy sleep. I kept waking up every 2 hours to see if my cat wanted to come in. I worry about him when its cold :(
LEGI	Yeah, I'll leave in a couple minutes &amp; let you know when I get to mu
LEGI	Can u call me at 10:10 to make sure dat i've woken up...
LEGI	Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
LEGI	The battery is for mr adewale my uncle. Aka Egbon
LEGI	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
LEGI	Wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
LEGI	Oh ic. I thought you meant mary jane.
LEGI	Haha... Really oh no... How? Then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
LEGI	Nah im goin 2 the wrks with j wot bout u?
LEGI	Then just eat a shit and wait for ur monkey face bitch.......... U asshole..................
LEGI	Good night. Am going to sleep.
LEGI	Aight I'll grab something to eat too, text me when you're back at mu
LEGI	K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
LEGI	Take something for pain. If it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor.
LEGI	Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
LEGI	Howz that persons story
LEGI	Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
LEGI	Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
LEGI	Thanks. It was only from tescos but quite nice. All gone now. Speak soon 
LEGI	What's a feathery bowa? Is that something guys have that I don't know about?
LEGI	Even i cant close my eyes you are in me our vava playing umma :-D
LEGI	2 laptop... I noe infra but too slow lar... I wan fast one
LEGI	Nvm it's ok...
LEGI	Enjoy ur life. . Good night
LEGI	Yes but can we meet in town cos will go to gep and then home. You could text at bus stop. And don't worry we'll have finished by march ish!
LEGI	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
LEGI	Thats cool. Where should i cum? On you or in you? :)
LEGI	Delhi and chennai still silent.
LEGI	Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
LEGI	No I'm in the same boat. Still here at my moms. Check me out on yo. I'm half naked.
LEGI	Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting any thing related to trade please call Arul. &lt;#&gt; 
LEGI	Hey i will be late... i'm at amk. Need to drink tea or coffee
LEGI	I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
LEGI	The length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. I thk i'm not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
LEGI	S..antha num corrct dane
LEGI	No calls..messages..missed calls
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
LEGI	HI DARLIN IVE JUST GOT BACK AND I HAD A REALLY NICE NIGHT AND THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE LIFT SEE U TOMORROW XXX
LEGI	No other Valentines huh? The proof is on your fb page. Ugh I'm so glad I really DIDN'T watch your rupaul show you TOOL!
LEGI	Eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
LEGI	Have you been practising your curtsey?
LEGI	Shall i come to get pickle
LEGI	Lol boo I was hoping for a laugh
LEGI	"YEH I AM DEF UP4 SOMETHING SAT,JUST GOT PAYED2DAY & I HAVBEEN GIVEN A?50 PAY RISE 4MY WORK & HAVEBEEN MADE PRESCHOOLCO-ORDINATOR 2I AM FEELINGOOD LUV"
LEGI	Well, I have to leave for my class babe ... You never came back to me ... :-( ... Hope you have a nice sleep, my love
LEGI	LMAO where's your fish memory when I need it?
LEGI	But i'll b going 2 sch on mon. My sis need 2 take smth.
LEGI	Idea will soon get converted to live:)
LEGI	S....s...india going to draw the series after many years in south african soil..
LEGI	Goodmorning, today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min.
LEGI	Can't take any major roles in community outreach. You rock mel
LEGI	Shopping lor. Them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
LEGI	Hi here. have birth at on the  to  at 8lb 7oz. Mother and baby doing brilliantly.
LEGI	See the forwarding message for proof
LEGI	I can't keep going through this. It was never my intention to run you out, but if you choose to do that rather than keep the room clean so *I* don't have to say no to visitors, then maybe that's the best choice. Yes, I wanted you to be embarassed, so maybe you'd feel for once how I feel when i have a friend who wants to drop buy and i have to say no, as happened this morning. I've tried everything. I don't know what else to do.
LEGI	Dunno lei... I thk mum lazy to go out... I neva ask her yet...
LEGI	Do whatever you want. You know what the rules are. We had a talk earlier this week about what had to start happening, you showing responsibility. Yet, every week it's can i bend the rule this way? What about that way? Do whatever. I'm tired of having thia same argument with you every week. And a  &lt;#&gt;  movie DOESNT inlude the previews. You're still getting in after 1.
LEGI	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOODMORNING
LEGI	Ambrith..madurai..met u in arun dha marrge..remembr?
LEGI	Just re read it and I have no sLEGIe but tell me how he takes it and if he runs I will blame u 4 ever!! Not really 4 ever just a long time 
LEGI	Princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?
LEGI	Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor
LEGI	Ya it came a while ago
LEGI	From tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
LEGI	Anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
LEGI	I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex
LEGI	Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
LEGI	U having lunch alone? I now so bored...
LEGI	Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head Speak soon! 
LEGI	Nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people
LEGI	No got new job at bar in airport on satsgettin 4.47per hour but means no lie in! keep in touch
LEGI	Kallis is ready for bat in 2nd innings
LEGI	Thanx but my birthday is over already.
LEGI	Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?
LEGI	I noe la... U wana pei bf oso rite... K lor, other days den...
LEGI	Yes, i'm small kid.. And boost is the secret of my energy..
LEGI	IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
LEGI	Is avatar supposed to have subtoitles
LEGI	Simply sitting and watching match in office..
LEGI	You can jot down things you want to remember later.
LEGI	Oh sorry please its over
LEGI	Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym? 
LEGI	Dont pack what you can buy at any store.like cereals. If you must pack food, pack gari or something 9ja that you will miss.
LEGI	You always make things bigger than they are
LEGI	U dun wan to watch infernal affair?
LEGI	Me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup
LEGI	I can send you a pic if you like :)
LEGI	Okay... I booked all already... Including the one at bugis.
LEGI	Aight fuck it, I'll get it later
LEGI	No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
LEGI	So dont use hook up any how
LEGI	How much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
LEGI	Hi where you. You in home or calicut?
LEGI	Hey darlin.. i can pick u up at college if u tell me wen & where 2 mt.. love Pete xx
LEGI	Oh... I was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... Okie lor, u call me when ready...
LEGI	Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
LEGI	Sir, I am waiting for your mail.
LEGI	.Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
LEGI	Nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no..
LEGI	Ugh fuck it I'm resubbing to eve
LEGI	He didn't see his shadow. We get an early spring yay
LEGI	I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
LEGI	Hey ! I want you ! I crave you ! I miss you ! I need you ! I love you, Ahmad Saeed al Hallaq ...
LEGI	Is there any training tomorrow?
LEGI	Pass dis to all ur contacts n see wat u get! Red;i'm in luv wid u. Blue;u put a smile on my face. Purple;u r realy hot. Pink;u r so swt. Orange;i thnk i lyk u. Green;i realy wana go out wid u. Yelow;i wnt u bck. Black;i'm jealous of u. Brown;i miss you Nw plz giv me one color
LEGI	Cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch u mah...
LEGI	Then. You are eldest know.
LEGI	Who's there say hi to our drugdealer
LEGI	Its hard to believe things like this. All can say lie but think twice before saying anything to me.
LEGI	I can take you at like noon
LEGI	Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
LEGI	I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
LEGI	I'm done oredi...
LEGI	you are sweet as well, princess. Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
LEGI	How are you. Wish you a great semester
LEGI	Moji i love you more than words. Have a rich day
LEGI	Dude how do you like the buff wind.
LEGI	"alright babe, justthought id sayhey! how u doin?nearly the endof me wk offdam nevamind!We will have 2Hook up sn if uwant m8? loveJen x."
LEGI	No i'm not. I can't give you everything you want and need. You actually could do better for yourself on yor own--you've got more money than i do. I can't get work, i can't get a man, i can't pay the rent, i can't even fill my fucking gas tank. yes, i'm stressed and depressed. I didn't even call home for thanksgiving cuz i'll have to tell them i,m up to nothing.
LEGI	S:-)kallis wont play in first two odi:-)
LEGI	Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
LEGI	Oh, my love, it's soooo good to hear from you. Omg I missed you so much today. I'm sorry your having problems with the provider but thank you for tming me
LEGI	Probably, want to pick up more?
LEGI	I'm done...
LEGI	Are you the cutest girl in the world or what
LEGI	No dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. Any idea what time I should come tomorrow?
LEGI	Oh Howda gud gud.. Mathe en samachara chikku:-)
LEGI	I thk 530 lor. But dunno can get tickets a not. Wat u doing now?
LEGI	Audrie lousy autocorrect
LEGI	Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.
LEGI	Anyway seriously hit me up when you're back because otherwise I have to light up with armand and he always has shit and/or is vomiting
LEGI	I fetch yun or u fetch?
LEGI	Thank you. I like you as well...
LEGI	Hmmm ... And imagine after you've come home from that having to rub my feet, make me dinner and help me get ready for my date ! Are you sure your ready for that kind of life ?
LEGI	Lara said she can loan me  &lt;#&gt; .
LEGI	Do we have any spare power supplies
LEGI	Yar he quite clever but aft many guesses lor. He got ask me 2 bring but i thk darren not so willing 2 go. Aiya they thk leona still not attach wat.
LEGI	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOOD NIGHT
LEGI	Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing.
LEGI	You do got a shitload of diamonds though
LEGI	Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
LEGI	Well I'm going to be an aunty!
LEGI	Mine here like all fr china then so noisy.
LEGI	Later i guess. I needa do mcat study too.
LEGI	S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
LEGI	Spoke with uncle john today. He strongly feels that you need to sacrifice to keep me here. He's going to call you. When he does, i beg you to just listen. Dont make any promises or make it clear things are not easy. And i need you to please let us work things out. As long as i keep expecting help, my creativity will be stifled so pls just keep him happy, no promises on your part.
LEGI	If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
LEGI	Carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute
LEGI	Well done and ! luv ya all 
LEGI	Then why you came to hostel.
LEGI	K still are you loving me.
LEGI	But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
LEGI	After the drug she will be able to eat.
LEGI	Alright took the morphine. Back in yo.
LEGI	You see the requirements please
LEGI	You stayin out of trouble stranger!!saw Dave the other day hes sorted now!still with me bloke when u gona get a girl MR!ur mum still Thinks we will get 2GETHA!
LEGI	So can collect ur laptop?
LEGI	Ok. Can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. Wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk.
LEGI	I will once i get home
LEGI	Waaaat?? Lololo ok next time then!
LEGI	The table's occupied, I'm waiting by the tree
LEGI	I surely dont forgot to come:)i will always be in touch in with you:-)
LEGI	Hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from STAPATI
LEGI	I dont have i shall buy one dear
LEGI	Oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
LEGI	What year. And how many miles.
LEGI	Hey cutie. How goes it? Here in WALES its kinda ok. There is like hills and shit but i still avent killed myself. 
LEGI	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
LEGI	I think you should go the honesty road. Call the bank tomorrow. Its the tough decisions that make us great people.
LEGI	"CAN I PLEASE COME UP NOW IMIN TOWN.DONTMATTER IF URGOIN OUTL8R,JUST REALLYNEED 2DOCD.PLEASE DONTPLEASE DONTIGNORE MYCALLS,U NO THECD ISV.IMPORTANT TOME 4 2MORO"
LEGI	I wont. So wat's wit the guys
LEGI	Yavnt tried yet and never played original either
LEGI	Hiya, had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?
LEGI	See? I thought it all through
LEGI	I'm at work. Please call
LEGI	get ready to moan and scream :)
LEGI	Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
LEGI	I don,t think so. You don't need to be going out that late on a school night. ESPECIALLY when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday
LEGI	And popping &lt;#&gt; ibuprofens was no help.
LEGI	Babe ! How goes that day ? What are you doing ? Where are you ? I sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... I send a kiss to you from across the sea
LEGI	Ok.
LEGI	PS U no ur a grown up now right?
LEGI	Chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon... Either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
LEGI	I know a few people I can hit up and fuck to the yes
LEGI	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
LEGI	So is there anything specific I should be doing with regards to jaklin or what because idk what the fuck
LEGI	Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
LEGI	Pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. The money i was expecting aint coming
LEGI	Give her something to drink, if she takes it and doesn't vomit then you her temp might drop. If she unmits however let me know.
LEGI	Think you sent the text to the home phone. That cant display texts. If you still want to send it his number is
LEGI	Every day i use to sleep after  &lt;#&gt;  so only.
LEGI	K I'll call you when I'm close
LEGI	U buy newspapers already?
LEGI	Nope wif my sis lor... Aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... Looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
LEGI	Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
LEGI	No management puzzeles.
LEGI	How did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
LEGI	I am getting threats from your sales executive Shifad as i raised complaint against him. Its an official message.
LEGI	hope things went well at 'doctors' ;) reminds me i still need 2go.did u c d little thing i left in the lounge?
LEGI	Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
LEGI	Lol enjoy role playing much?
LEGI	Ok. Me watching tv too.
LEGI	I just lov this line: "Hurt me with the truth, I don't mind,i wil tolerat.bcs ur my someone..... But, Never comfort me with a lie" gud ni8 and sweet dreams
LEGI	Just checked out, heading out to drop off my stuff now
LEGI	Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.
LEGI	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
LEGI	Ill call you evening ill some ideas.
LEGI	Haha i think i did too
LEGI	U know we watchin at lido?
LEGI	Life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
LEGI	Haha awesome, I've been to 4u a couple times. Who all's coming?
LEGI	Cold. Dont be sad dear
LEGI	Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
LEGI	Is that on the telly? No its Brdget Jones!
LEGI	Love you aathi..love u lot..
LEGI	Hello! How r u? Im bored. Inever thought id get bored with the tv but I am. Tell me something exciting has happened there? Anything! =/
LEGI	Hmm...Bad news...Hype park plaza $700 studio taken...Only left 2 bedrm-$900...
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
LEGI	R u comin back for dinner?
LEGI	I hav almost reached. Call, i m unable to connect u.
LEGI	Whom you waited for yesterday
LEGI	I reach home safe n sound liao...
LEGI	Velly good, yes please!
LEGI	Hi, wkend ok but journey terrible. Wk not good as have huge back log of marking to do
LEGI	I have had two more letters from . I will copy them for you cos one has a message for you. Speak soon
LEGI	Alex knows a guy who sells mids but he's down in south tampa and I don't think I could set it up before like 8
LEGI	Dont you have message offer
LEGI	HEY THERE BABE, HOW U DOIN? WOT U UP 2 2NITE LOVE ANNIE X.
LEGI	Remind me how to get there and I shall do so
LEGI	:-( that's not v romantic!
LEGI	Hello. Damn this christmas thing. I think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
LEGI	Nothin comes to my mind. U help me buy hanger lor. Ur laptop not heavy?
LEGI	&lt;#&gt; , that's all? Guess that's easy enough
LEGI	We can make a baby in yo tho
LEGI	Should I tell my friend not to come round til like  &lt;#&gt; ish?
LEGI	Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
LEGI	Still in the area of the restaurant. Ill try to come back soon
LEGI	Aight that'll work, thanks
LEGI	So what do you guys do.
LEGI	Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
LEGI	That's significant but dont worry.
LEGI	That's cause your old. I live to be high.
LEGI	Waqt se pehle or naseeb se zyada kisi ko kuch nahi milta,Zindgi wo nahi he jo hum sochte hai Zindgi wo hai jo LEGI jeetey hai..........
LEGI	On the way to office da..
LEGI	In which place do you want da.
LEGI	This pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
LEGI	Ok...
LEGI	Should I be stalking u?
LEGI	Sorry dude. Dont know how i forgot. Even after Dan reminded me. Sorry. Hope you guys had fun.
LEGI	Ok lor.
LEGI	Apps class varaya elaya.
LEGI	The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
LEGI	That day you asked about anand number. Why:-)
LEGI	Am surfing online store. For offers do you want to buy any thing.
LEGI	Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
LEGI	At home by the way
LEGI	We are both fine. Thanks
LEGI	What happen to her tell the truth
LEGI	Do you like Italian food?
LEGI	Which is weird because I know I had it at one point
LEGI	"Aww you must be nearly dead!Well Jez isComing over toDo some workAnd that whillTake forever!"
LEGI	Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ &lt;URL&gt;
LEGI	Alright, see you in a bit
LEGI	Cheers for the message Zogtorius. I've been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
LEGI	I will take care of financial problem.i will help:)
LEGI	Tell dear what happen to you. Why you talking to me like an alian
LEGI	Oh oh... Wasted... Den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
LEGI	Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
LEGI	Please give it 2  or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
LEGI	I'm meeting Darren...
LEGI	One of best dialogue in cute reltnship..!! "Wen i Die, Dont Come Near My Body..!! Bcoz My Hands May Not Come 2 Wipe Ur Tears Off That Time..!Gud ni8
LEGI	Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
LEGI	Dear where you will be when i reach there
LEGI	Aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if I missed u first. You DO love me! :)
LEGI	Ok... Thanx... Gd nite 2 u too...
LEGI	Come to me right now, Ahmad
LEGI	Lol please do. Actually send a pic of yourself right now. I wanna see. Pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
LEGI	O was not into fps then.
LEGI	Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
LEGI	Could you not read me, my Love ? I answered you
LEGI	Oh... Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... Dun wan yogasana oso can... 
LEGI	Madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from DLF Premarica.kindly be informed.Rgds,Rakhesh,Kerala.
LEGI	Oic... Then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
LEGI	Err... Cud do. I'm going to  at 8pm. I haven't got a way to contact him until then.
LEGI	A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
LEGI	Lmao but its so fun...
LEGI	Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
LEGI	Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
LEGI	Do you think i can move  &lt;#&gt;  in a week
LEGI	She.s find. I sent you an offline message to know how anjola's now.
LEGI	How was txting and driving
LEGI	That's good. Lets thank God. Please complete the drug. Have lots of water. And have a beautiful day.
LEGI	Really dun bluff me leh... U sleep early too. Nite...
LEGI	Indians r poor but India is not a poor country. Says one of the swiss bank directors. He says that " &lt;#&gt;  lac crore" of Indian money is deposited in swiss banks which can be used for 'taxless' budget for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. Can give  &lt;#&gt;  crore jobs to all Indians. From any village to Delhi 4 lane roads. Forever free power suply to more than  &lt;#&gt;  social projects. Every citizen can get monthly  &lt;#&gt; /- for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. No need of World Bank &amp; IMF loan. Think how our money is blocked by rich politicians. We have full rights against corrupt politicians. Itna forward karo ki pura INDIA padhe.g.m."
LEGI	Uncle boye. I need movies oh. Guide me. Plus you know torrents are not particularly legal here. And the system is slowing down. What should i do. Have a gr8 day. Plus have you started cos i dont meet you online. How was the honey moon.
LEGI	Oh ya ya. I remember da. .
LEGI	Btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
LEGI	I havent lei.. Next mon can?
LEGI	Mm feeling sleepy. today itself i shall get that dear
LEGI	How dare you stupid. I wont tell anything to you. Hear after i wont talk to you:-.
LEGI	Do u noe if ben is going?
LEGI	Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
LEGI	I meant middle left or right?
LEGI	Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
LEGI	Hi Chachi tried calling u now unable to reach u .. Pl give me a missed cal once u c tiz msg  Kanagu
LEGI	I sent you the prices and do you mean the  &lt;#&gt; g,
LEGI	Are you this much buzy
LEGI	Nothing. Can...
LEGI	No * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! Loving u
LEGI	But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
LEGI	Tick, tick, tick ... Babe
LEGI	R u going 4 today's meeting?
LEGI	K da:)how many page you want?
LEGI	Ya had just now.onion roast.
LEGI	Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
LEGI	You said not now. No problem. When you can. Let me know.
LEGI	Ok but tell me half an hr b4 u come i need 2 prepare.
LEGI	Play w computer? Aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
LEGI	Sat right? Okay thanks... 
LEGI	Derp. Which is worse, a dude who always wants to party or a dude who files a complaint about the three drug abusers he lives with
LEGI	Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
LEGI	We r outside already.
LEGI	Have a good trip. Watch out for . Remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
LEGI	Yo we are watching a movie on netflix
LEGI	What time. Im out until prob 3 or so
LEGI	Can meh? Thgt some will clash... Really ah, i dun mind... I dun seen to have lost any weight... Gee...
LEGI	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
LEGI	I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
LEGI	ARR birthday today:) i wish him to get more oscar.
LEGI	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
LEGI	Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!
LEGI	 and  picking them up from various points
LEGI	Wow v v impressed. Have funs shopping!
LEGI	I am on the way to ur home
SPAM	Burger King - Wanna play footy at a top stadium? Get 2 Burger King before 1st Sept and go Large or Super with Coca-Cola and walk out a winner
LEGI	No problem. Talk to you later
LEGI	Then ur sis how?
LEGI	Still in customer place
LEGI	Dude u knw also telugu..thts gud..k, gud nyt..
LEGI	We confirm eating at esplanade?
LEGI	Send me your id and password
LEGI	Kind of. Took it to garage. Centre part of exhaust needs replacing. Part ordered n taking it to be fixed tomo morning.
LEGI	Well I might not come then...
LEGI	Long after I quit. I get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
LEGI	Then its most likely called Mittelschmertz. Google it. If you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
LEGI	Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
LEGI	Just arrived, see you in a couple days &lt;3
LEGI	K, wat s tht incident?
LEGI	Yeah get the unlimited
LEGI	cThen i thk shd b enuff.. Still got conclusion n contents pg n references.. I'll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
LEGI	Forgot it takes me 3 years to shower, sorry. Where you at/your phone dead yet?
LEGI	U got wat to buy tell us then u no need to come in again.
LEGI	When you are big..| God will bring success.
LEGI	we r stayin here an extra week, back next wed. How did we do in the rugby this weekend? Hi to and and , c u soon "
LEGI	Well there's still a bit left if you guys want to tonight
LEGI	Not from this campus. Are you in the library?
LEGI	The affidavit says  &lt;#&gt;  E Twiggs St, division g, courtroom  &lt;#&gt; , &lt;TIME&gt;  AM. I'll double check and text you again tomorrow
LEGI	How will I creep on you now? ;_;
LEGI	Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ &lt;URL&gt;
LEGI	If I get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
LEGI	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
LEGI	I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
LEGI	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..
LEGI	Depends on where u going lor.
LEGI	And smile for me right now as you go and the world will wonder what you are smiling about and think your crazy and keep away from you ... *grins*
LEGI	Lil fever:) now fine:)
LEGI	I think it's all still in my car
LEGI	Can a not?
LEGI	Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
LEGI	Oh yeah I forgot. U can only take 2 out shopping at once.
LEGI	Mm so you asked me not to call radio
LEGI	Thinkin about someone is all good. No drugs for that
LEGI	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
LEGI	Enjoy the showers of possessiveness poured on u by ur loved ones, bcoz in this world of lies, it is a golden gift to be loved truly..
LEGI	Alright if you're sure, let me know when you're leaving
LEGI	Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
LEGI	Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
SMIS	Dear subscriber. Your account is locked . More info: http://gkkn.site?USBANK
SMIS	Dear subscriber. Your account is locked . More: http://gkkn.site?USBANK
SMIS	Dear subscriber. Your account is closed . More info: http://gkkn.site?USBANK
SMIS	Dear user. Your account is closed. More: http://gkkn.site?USBANK
SMIS	Dear user! We caught unusual activities on your account, and decided to lock it. solution : 380972312528
SMIS	Dear customer! We catch unusual activity on your account, and decided to lockout it. call : +380977312428
SMIS	Dear user! We catching unexplainable activity on your accounts and decided to block him. More information: http://bank.com/pay/money.com?pay
SMIS	PRIVAT24.COM SUBJ uncommon activity! We blocked your account for safe. Info: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay
SMIS	Your account is blocked, there are some problem with security! Please, change setting for more safety. fadsfjk.info/2fjsad
SMIS	Your account is locked, there are some trouble with security! Please, change setting for more safety.blsdf.inf/on4A3f
SMIS	Your acct in trouble. there are some problem with security! Please, change setting for bigger protection lsnvsxce.info/csdcz
SMIS	dear customer! Account is blocked for protection. To unlock go: http://gg.site?unlockbuy ID: ASDFDSFLM 
SMIS	Dear customer! Account is blocked for protect To unlock GO http//gg.site?unlockbuy
SMIS	Dear customer Account is blocked for protect to unlock going http//gg.site?ASDFDSFLM
SMIS	your bank account is locked, for more info CALL +3808742152
SMIS	Dear user! We upgrade our servers and our new secure system blocked your account. For unlock card  to:  http://card.com.unlock.buy?card
SMIS	Dear users We upgrade our servers and our latest secured control blocked your account For unlock chargeback to: http://card.com.unlock.buy?card
SMIS	Dear Sergey We upgrade our servers and our latest securely control blocked your account For unlock cards to: http://card.com.unlock.buy?card
SMIS	Dear Sergey We upgrade our servers and our latest secure systems blocked your acct For unlock chargeback to: http://card.com.unlock.buy?card
SMIS	Dear customer! our secure system blocked your account. Some ununusual activity on your account. For unlock card  go to:  http://card.com.unlock.buy?card
SMIS	Dear customers !our secure control blocked your account.Some ununusual extracurricular on your account For unlock chargeback go to: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay
SMIS	Dear Olena !our securely control blocked your account.Some ununusual extracurricular on your account For unlock card get to: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay
SMIS	Banks account is locked. More info: http://getinfobybank19.com?AGSDVSDF
SMIS	Bank`s s account is locked info: http://info-center2124.com.barbarian.ua?pGSDFSDFSDF
SMIS	Dear Customer, we identified an unusual login attempt on your account. For safety we locked your account. For unlock follow link: http://mybank.comsomolskivor.ua/payasdvasd
SMIS	Dear Customer we identified an unusual login attempting on your account. For safe we locked your accounts For unlock follow link http://mybank.comsomolskivor.ua/payasdvasd
SMIS	Dear Customer, we identified an uncommon login attempt on your account For protection we locked your accounts For unlock take link http://mybank.comsomolskivor.ua/payasdvasd
SMIS	Dear Customer we identified an unusual login attempt on your acct For protection we locked your account For unlock follow link http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay
SMIS	Dear Customer we identified an unexplainable login attempts on your acct For safe we locked your acct For unlock follow link http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay
SMIS	Dear Customer we identified an unusual login attempting on your acct. For safety we locked your account. For getting info about unlock follow link http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay
SMIS	Dear Customer, we identified an uncommon login using on your account For greener we blocked your accounts For getting info unlock follow link  http://info-center2124.com.barbarian.ua?pGSDFSDFSDF
SMIS 	ood afternoon. We detected fraudulent activity on your bank account and frozen it. For unfrozen and reset password, please follow link: http://bank.com/breakpassword.ua?allsd
SMIS	Good morning We detected fraudulent extracurricular on your bank acct and frozen it. For unfrozen and reset password contact follow link vsdvnl.info/sifamd
SMIS	Your acct is suspected for fraud listings Please reply at this email with a valid phone numbers and you will should contacted by another of our representatives with the comming steps.If you do not respond within 24 hours your accounts will being deleted and you will not should able to used craigslist for the next 6 months. sknoeca.info/almv3aF
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Dear Oleg . We catch someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral activities with your card . Apologise, but we closed bank`s account . To get more info follow http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	Afternoon. Dear . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! Fortunate day for you! Because you won a new phon in our loto! Take untill: 3 day Info: +380978452789 
SMIS	Bad news. Hello. Reputable Maksim . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! Fortunate day for you! Because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Available untill: 21.3 14:00 More info: http://gkkn.site?PAYUSBANK 
SMIS	ERROR! Good midday. Dear Olena . There are that Alex Colins tryes to do activity on your bank account . For some time we stopped your account . For more info: http://info-center2124.com.barbarian.ua?pGSDFSDFSDF 
SMIS	Morning. Dear Danilo . There are that Alex Colins tryes to do unusual troubles with your acct . For safe we blocked your bank`s account . For more info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Respected Client . There are some ungeneral mistakes with your card . For your safe we blocked card . Info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hi. . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Lucky day, because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Propose deal untill: 23.02 19:00 INFO: +380631243125 
SMIS	Afternoon. Respected Oleg . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Lucky day, because you won a new phon in our loto! Propose deal untill: 15:00 If it was not you,follow: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Midday. Katerina . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Can be token untill: 15:00 Unblock: +380631243125 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Reputable Client . We detected that someone does action with your card . For some time we frozen bank`s account . Link: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Olga . We detected that someone does fraudulent activity with your card . We closed card . Unfroze: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	Morning. Customers . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Can be token untill: 3 day from tooday Unblock: bzsdw.info/mawrsasdd 
SMIS	Hi. Respected Oleg . We see that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent mistake with your acct . Thinking about you, we frozen bank`s account . More info: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Dear Olga . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! Lucky day, because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Available untill: 21.3 14:00 Unblock: +365848421369 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Reputable Client . There are some unusual troubles on your bank account . Thinking about you, we frozen your bank`s card . Link: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Bad news. Midday. Olena . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! by a lucky accident, You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Can be token untill: 3 day from tooday Link: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Hi. Dear Sergey . We detected that Nick Forch does unusual actions with your card . Unfortunately, but we frozen bank`s account . Link: +380629464279 
SMIS	ERROR! Good morning. Respected Oleg . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Lucky day, because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Available untill: 3 day from tooday To get more info follow oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Respected Olena . We detected that someone does unusual mistakes with your acct . Apologise, but we stopped bank`s account . If it was not you,follow: osgift.info/zcas 
SMIS	Hi. Reputable Katerina . We see someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral actions on your account . We closed your account . More info: http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Customer . There are that Nick Forch does activities on your account . For some time we closed your bank`s account . Unblock: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Hello. Respected . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a new laptop! Take untill: 23.02 19:00 Info: http://google-suppore.com/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Morning. Reputable Katerina . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Take untill: 21.3 14:00 For more info: http://info-center2124.com.barbarian.ua?pGSDFSDFSDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Reputable Users . We caught that someone does ungeneral action with your card . We blocked card . If it was not you,follow: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	OH NO! Hi. Respected Danilo . We caught someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral mistake with your acct . Thinking about you, we closed your card . INFO: +380639483113 
SMIS	Olena . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Fortunate day for you! Because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Available untill: 21.3 14:00 To get more info follow http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	ERROR! Midday. Oleksandr . We catch some unusual activities with your acct . For some time we closed bank`s account . Unblock: a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	OH NO! Midday. Client . There are that Nick Forch does trouble with your card . For your safe we stopped your card . Unfroze: +380458716599 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Reputable Oleg . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why You won a new laptop! Take untill: 23.02 19:00 For more info: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	Bad news. Respected User . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You are happy man, because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Available untill: 3 day INFO: +380458716599 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Respected Oleg . We caught that someone does interesting for us mistake with your card . We frozen bank`s account . More info: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Katerina . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! by a lucky accident, You won a new laptop! Available untill: saturday 23 19:00 INFO: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	Bad news. Midday. Customer . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Lucky day, because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Available untill: 14:00 For more info: oshad21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Good midday. Client . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! by a lucky accident, Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Propose deal untill: 15:00 Unblock: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF  
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Client . We see that someone does ungeneral trouble on your bank account . For your safe we blocked account . Unblock: +365848421369 
SMIS	OH NO! Hello. Respected Customers . We caught some ungeneral actions on your bank account . For some time we closed bank`s account . For more info: http://oschad24.ua/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Dear Oleksey . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, On your account was sent 1523 USD. Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 If it was not you,follow: onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Reputable Oleg . We catch that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent action with your acct . Apologise, but we blocked your card . Unblock: http://gkkn.site?USBANK 
SMIS	ERROR! Good morning. Respected Oleksandr . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You have lucky number,that is why you won a new phon in our loto! Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 INFO: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	OH NO! Hi. Dear . There are that Nick Forch does fraudulent activity with your acct . For safe we frozen your account . INFO: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	Morning. Dear Oleg . We catch that Nick Forch does not tipical troubles with your card . We stopped bank`s card . More info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Customer . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You have lucky number,that is why You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 Link: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	ERROR! Hi. Dear User . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Fortunate day for you! Because Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Take untill: 14:00 INFO: a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Respected User . We detected that Nick Forch does unusual actions with your card . For your safe we closed bank`s account . Unfroze: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	Bad news. Hi. Dear Customer . We catch that someone does mistakes with your acct . Thinking about you, we frozen your account . Link: +380958462135 
SMIS	Bad news. Morning. . We caught that Alex Colins tryes to do interesting for us mistake with your card . For your safe we blocked bank`s account . To get more info follow oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	Hello. Respected Olena . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You are happy man, because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Can be token untill: 3 day from tooday If it was not you,follow: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Hi. Respected Sergey . We see that someone does unusual action on your account . For your safe we closed card . For more info: http://oschad24.ua/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	Midday. Reputable Oleksey . We catch some not tipical action on your bank account . Apologise, but we frozen your bank`s card . Info: +380639483113 
SMIS	Good morning. Reputable Oleg . We caught some unusual actions on your account . For your safe we blocked your bank`s card . If it was not you,follow: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Reputable . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Propose deal untill: 3 day from tooday More info: oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good morning. Respected Users . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Take untill: 14:00 Info: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Good midday. Dear Sergey . We caught that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent trouble on your bank account . Thinking about you, we stopped bank`s account . Link: http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Afternoon. Dear Customers . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Take untill: 21.3 14:00 Info: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Good morning. Maksim . We detected that Nick Forch does trouble on your bank account . Unfortunately, but we blocked bank`s account . For more info: a4asd.info/paywvw4w 
SMIS	Bad news. Good morning. Maksim . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Lucky day, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 INFO: oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ERROR! Good afternoon. Dear Olena . That is bad day, but only for us! You are happy man, because you won a new phon in our loto! Take untill: 3 day If it was not you,follow: bzsdw.info/mawrsasdd 
SMIS	ERROR! Morning. Reputable Customers . Congrats! That is bad day, but only for us! by a lucky accident, You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Available untill: 15:00 For more info: http://gkkn.site?PAYUSBANK 
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Dear Oleksey . There are that someone does not tipical mistakes on your bank account . For safe we stopped your bank`s card . For more info: http://gkkn.site?PAYUSBANK 
SMIS	Bad news. Reputable Olena . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Can be token untill: 21.3 14:00 Link: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Katerina . Congrats! That is bad day, but only for us! You are happy man, because Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Propose deal untill: 21.3 14:00 To get more info follow +365848421369 
SMIS	ERROR! Oleksandr . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You have lucky number,that is why You won car in out draw! Propose deal untill: 21.3 14:00 If it was not you,follow: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Bad news. Midday. Respected Oleksey . We see that Alex Colins tryes to do not tipical action with your card . Apologise, but we frozen bank`s card . INFO: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Hi. Danilo . We caught that Nick Forch does interesting for us mistake with your card . We blocked bank`s account . Info: privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Dear Client . That is bad day, but only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Available untill: 3 day More info: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	Good midday. Dear Olga . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! Lucky day, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Available untill: 3 day from tooday Unblock: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	ERROR! Hello. Maksim . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You have lucky number,that is why You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Propose deal untill: 3 day from tooday For more info: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Dear User . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! by a lucky accident, you won a new phon in our loto! Take untill: 23.02 19:00 Info: +380639483113 
SMIS	ERROR! Hi. Respected Danilo . There are that Alex Colins tryes to do interesting for us action with your card . For some time we closed your card . Info: +380978452789 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Oleg . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Happy day for you!!. Because You won car in out draw! Can be token untill: 21.3 14:00 To get more info follow a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Dear Oleksey . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because you won a new phon in our loto! Available untill: 21.3 14:00 Info: +365848421369 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Respected Oleksey . We caught that someone does unusual activities on your bank account . For some time we closed your bank`s account . Unblock: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	Good midday. Customers . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Take untill: 3 day from tooday More info: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hi. Respected Katerina . We see someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral trouble with your card . For your safe we closed account . Unblock: http://gkkn.site?USBANK 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hello. Respected User . There are some interesting for us activity with your acct . For your safe we blocked card . Unblock: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Katerina . We detected someone, hwo tries to do fraudulent activities with your card . For your safe we blocked account . For more info: http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Dear Oleg . There are some unusual mistakes on your account . For safe we closed bank`s account . Unfroze: onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Respected Sergey . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent activities with your acct . For safe we frozen bank`s card . To get more info follow privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Respected Oleksey . We catch some troubles with your card . Unfortunately, but we frozen your card . INFO: http://gkkn.site?PAYUSBANK 
SMIS	OH NO! Dear Client . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! by a lucky accident, You won a new laptop! Can be token untill: 14:00 More info: http://oschad24.ua/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Respected Oleksey . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Happy day for you!!. Because On your account was sent 1523 USD. Can be token untill: 14:00 Info: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Dear Elizaveta . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Available untill: 3 day For more info: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Morning. Reputable Oleksey . We detected that someone does fraudulent actions with your card . Thinking about you, we closed your account . Link: osha.info/AFkFx3dfs 
SMIS	Hello. User . We caught some interesting for us action on your account . For your safe we frozen card . Link: http://bank.com/pay/money.com?pay 
SMIS	OH NO! Hello. Reputable Users . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Can be token untill: 3 day Unfroze: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Good morning. Respected Sergey . We detected some interesting for us action on your account . We blocked account . Link: +380631243125 
SMIS	Bad news. Morning. Respected Sergey . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Available untill: 15:00 Link: +380958462135 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good morning. Dear Users . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You are happy man, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Can be token untill: 21.3 14:00 INFO: a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	Midday. Reputable Elizaveta . We caught that Nick Forch does not tipical activity with your acct . For safe we frozen your bank`s card . For more info: http://gkkn.site?USBANK 
SMIS	Midday. Reputable Olena . There are that Nick Forch does mistakes with your card . Unfortunately, but we stopped your card . Unfroze: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Dear Sergey . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do interesting for us mistake with your card . For safe we closed bank`s account . Unblock: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Midday. Respected Sergey . We see that Nick Forch does fraudulent activities on your bank account . Apologise, but we stopped your bank`s account . More info: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	Bad news. Hello. Reputable Customers . We see someone, hwo tries to do interesting for us action with your card . Thinking about you, we stopped your bank`s account . Info: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Elizaveta . We see that Nick Forch does fraudulent mistake on your bank account . For safe we frozen card . To get more info follow http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	Hello. Dear . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Take untill: saturday 23 19:00 For more info: http://bank.com/pay/money.com?pay 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Reputable Sergey . We caught someone, hwo tries to do unusual activity on your account . For some time we blocked your bank`s account . Unfroze: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	Bad news. Morning. Users . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! by a lucky accident, you won a new phon in our loto! Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 Unfroze: http://monobank.ua/vakandak.com/pay/LFDEUIOESDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Afternoon. Sergey . There are that Nick Forch does interesting for us activity on your account . We frozen your account . Unblock: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Respected Katerina . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! You are happy man, because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Take untill: 14:00 Unfroze: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Maksim . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, You won car in out draw! Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 Unfroze: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Reputable Users . We detected someone, hwo tries to do unusual activities with your card . Thinking about you, we blocked card . To get more info follow oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hello. Respected . Congrats! That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Propose deal untill: 3 day from tooday INFO: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Good midday. Reputable Elizaveta . We catch that Alex Colins tryes to do ungeneral actions on your account . Apologise, but we stopped your account . Unfroze: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Midday. Respected Users . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Take untill: 3 day More info: +380958462135 
SMIS	Hi. Katerina . We catch that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent action with your acct . Thinking about you, we closed your account . Unfroze: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Respected Customers . That is bad day, but only for us! by a lucky accident, you won a new phon in our loto! Can be token untill: 3 day Info: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hi. Respected Oleg . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Propose deal untill: 3 day INFO: http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	Hello. Dear Customer . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Lucky day, because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Propose deal untill: 15:00 Unfroze: onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	ERROR! Respected Sergey . We see some unusual mistake with your acct . For safe we closed bank`s card . If it was not you,follow: http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	Midday. Maksim . We catch that Nick Forch does interesting for us activities on your account . For safe we stopped account . For more info: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hello. . We caught some unusual troubles on your bank account . We stopped your account . Link: +380958462135 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Oleg . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Available untill: 3 day Unfroze: http://info-center2124.com.barbarian.ua?pGSDFSDFSDF 
SMIS	Midday. Dear Oleksandr . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! Lucky day, because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Can be token untill: 3 day For more info: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	Good morning. Respected Olena . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, On your account was sent 1924 USD. Can be token untill: 14:00 INFO: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	Bad news. Hello. Customers . We detected someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral action on your bank account . For safe we closed your card . Link: http://google-suppore.com/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Reputable Elizaveta . We catch someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral activity on your account . We closed your card . Unfroze: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ERROR! Afternoon. Reputable Sergey . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Can be token untill: 23.02 19:00 If it was not you,follow: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Reputable Customer . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! You are happy man, because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Can be token untill: 3 day from tooday If it was not you,follow: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Hello. Customers . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! by a lucky accident, You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Can be token untill: 3 day Unblock: osha.info/AFkFx3dfs 
SMIS	ERROR! Good morning. Dear Olga . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! by a lucky accident, You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Propose deal untill: 21.3 14:00 If it was not you,follow: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	Bad news. Midday. Sergey . We see that Alex Colins tryes to do ungeneral actions with your card . Unfortunately, but we closed your account . To get more info follow getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Good morning. Respected . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Take untill: 14:00 Unfroze: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Good midday. Respected Elizaveta . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Take untill: 15:00 Link: http://card.com.unlock.buy?card 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hi. Danilo . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Happy day for you!!. Because you won a new phon in our loto! Available untill: 3 day Info: oloto.info/pacfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Dear Client . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do not tipical activities on your bank account . For safe we frozen your card . For more info: +380631243125 
SMIS	Afternoon. Dear Sergey . We catch that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent action on your account . For some time we stopped bank`s account . More info: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Respected Danilo . We catch some fraudulent mistakes with your card . For your safe we stopped account . To get more info follow http://google-suppore.com/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Afternoon. Reputable Oleksey . We detected someone, hwo tries to do fraudulent mistakes with your card . Unfortunately, but we blocked your bank`s card . Link: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Reputable Sergey . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do ungeneral actions with your card . Apologise, but we stopped bank`s account . INFO: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Good midday. Dear Users . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 Unfroze: a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	Hello. Reputable Client . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because On your account was sent 1523 USD. Propose deal untill: 3 day from tooday INFO: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Dear Elizaveta . Congrats! That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Propose deal untill: 23.02 19:00 Link: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Midday. Olga . We caught someone, hwo tries to do not tipical mistakes with your acct . We blocked your account . Unblock: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Dear Maksim . We catch that someone does unusual actions on your bank account . Unfortunately, but we closed card . Unfroze: a4asd.info/paywvw4w 
SMIS	Respected Users . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do interesting for us activity on your account . For safe we blocked account . INFO: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	ERROR! Afternoon. Katerina . We catch that someone does fraudulent activities with your acct . Thinking about you, we stopped your card . To get more info follow http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Customers . There are that someone does unusual actions on your account . For safe we blocked bank`s card . Unfroze: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Hi. Reputable Maksim . We detected some not tipical activity with your acct . Unfortunately, but we frozen your bank`s account . For more info: +380978452789 
SMIS	Bad news. Good midday. Respected Customer . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! by a lucky accident, You won car in out draw! Available untill: saturday 23 19:00 Link: a4asd.info/paywvw4w 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Oleksey . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Take untill: 23.02 19:00 If it was not you,follow: +365848421369 
SMIS	Reputable Olga . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Available untill: 3 day from tooday For more info: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Midday. Reputable Oleksandr . There are that someone does not tipical activity with your card . We closed account . Unblock: http://oschad24.ua/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	Hello. Respected Elizaveta . We catch that Nick Forch does interesting for us mistakes on your account . For your safe we closed account . To get more info follow osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ERROR! Good midday. Respected . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Take untill: 14:00 Info: http://card.com.unlock.buy?card 
SMIS	Respected Oleksey . We see some interesting for us troubles with your card . Thinking about you, we frozen bank`s card . To get more info follow bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Afternoon. Reputable Danilo . There are that Nick Forch does ungeneral mistake on your account . We closed your account . Link: oshad21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Users . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Propose deal untill: 3 day from tooday More info: +380631243125 
SMIS	Bad news. Morning. Olena . We detected someone, hwo tries to do unusual troubles on your bank account . For some time we frozen account . Link: +380639483113 
SMIS	Bad news. Hello. User . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You have lucky number,that is why You won car in out draw! Available untill: 15:00 If it was not you,follow: oloto.info/pacfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Good midday. Dear Oleg . We catch someone, hwo tries to do fraudulent actions on your account . We closed bank`s account . To get more info follow a4asd.info/paywvw4w 
SMIS	Midday. Olga . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You won a new laptop! Available untill: 3 day INFO: oshad2.info/pG32Gs 
SMIS	Bad news. Morning. Dear . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You won car in out draw! Can be token untill: 23.02 19:00 For more info: http://gkkn.site?USBANK 
SMIS	Hello. Respected Danilo . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Take untill: 15:00 INFO: +380458716599 
SMIS	OH NO! Midday. Maksim . There are that Alex Colins tryes to do ungeneral trouble with your acct . For your safe we frozen card . Unblock: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	ERROR! Good midday. Dear Users . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a new laptop! Can be token untill: 3 day Info: +365848421369 
SMIS	Hi. Dear Customers . There are some unusual activity on your bank account . Unfortunately, but we stopped your bank`s card . Unfroze: http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	OH NO! Morning. User . We caught someone, hwo tries to do fraudulent action with your acct . For your safe we closed bank`s account . For more info: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Dear Oleksandr . There are that Nick Forch does ungeneral mistakes with your card . For some time we frozen your card . Unblock: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	ERROR! Midday. Respected . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! by a lucky accident, Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Can be token untill: 14:00 If it was not you,follow: a4asd.info/paywvw4w 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Dear Maksim . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Take untill: 3 day Info: http://bank.com/pay/money.com?pay 
SMIS	Good midday. Dear Olga . We catch that someone does interesting for us mistakes with your card . Unfortunately, but we closed bank`s account . More info: oshad2.info/pG32Gs 
SMIS	ERROR! Reputable Elizaveta . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! by a lucky accident, You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Available untill: 3 day Unblock: oshad21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ERROR! Dear Users . We catch that someone does not tipical activities on your bank account . For safe we closed your card . Link: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Respected Customer . We caught that someone does unusual activity with your acct . For safe we stopped your bank`s card . Unfroze: privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	Bad news. Oleg . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You have lucky number,that is why you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Available untill: saturday 23 19:00 For more info: a4asd.info/paywvw4w 
SMIS	Good morning. Respected Oleksey . We detected that someone does interesting for us action with your acct . For safe we stopped bank`s account . If it was not you,follow: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Good morning. Dear Olena . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You are happy man, because you won a new phon in our loto! Take untill: 3 day To get more info follow http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	Bad news. Good midday. Respected Sergey . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Happy day for you!!. Because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Available untill: 14:00 Link: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Oleksandr . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because Did you get your money? There are some money on your seccond account Propose deal untill: 23.02 19:00 Info: http://card.com.unlock.buy?card 
SMIS	Good morning. Reputable Client . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Available untill: 23.02 19:00 Unfroze: oshad21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Respected Customers . We catch that someone does not tipical trouble with your acct . For some time we blocked account . If it was not you,follow: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay 
SMIS	Reputable . We see some fraudulent action on your account . For your safe we frozen your bank`s card . INFO: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Customer . There are someone, hwo tries to do unusual trouble on your account . For safe we closed your bank`s card . Info: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Dear Customers . We caught that Alex Colins tryes to do unusual trouble with your acct . Thinking about you, we stopped your account . For more info: +380978452789 
SMIS	Good morning. Respected Oleksey . We detected that Nick Forch does action on your bank account . For some time we stopped bank`s account . Info: privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Respected Customer . There are someone, hwo tries to do interesting for us trouble on your account . Apologise, but we blocked bank`s account . Unblock: http://google-suppore.com/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Hello. Dear Users . We caught that someone does not tipical mistakes on your bank account . Apologise, but we blocked your account . To get more info follow http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Maksim . We caught that Nick Forch does not tipical trouble on your account . For your safe we closed card . INFO: osgift.info/zcas 
SMIS	ERROR! Hello. Dear Elizaveta . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Available untill: 23.02 19:00 INFO: +380639483113 
SMIS	Midday. Danilo . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Available untill: 3 day To get more info follow http://gkkn.site?PAYUSBANK 
SMIS	Hello. Reputable User . There are that Nick Forch does fraudulent actions on your account . Unfortunately, but we closed your account . To get more info follow onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	Bad news. Good midday. Respected Maksim . There are that Nick Forch does not tipical actions with your acct . For your safe we stopped your bank`s account . INFO: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Morning. Sergey . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Take untill: 3 day from tooday For more info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Hello. Maksim . That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why you won a new phon in our loto! Take untill: 3 day Unblock: +380629464279 
SMIS	Bad news. Morning. Respected Oleg . We caught that someone does fraudulent trouble on your bank account . For some time we blocked your card . Unblock: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	User . That is bad day, but only for us! by a lucky accident, You won car in out draw! Propose deal untill: 21.3 14:00 For more info: http://google-suppore.com/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Morning. Customer . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Can be token untill: 21.3 14:00 Info: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Hello. Customer . We detected that Nick Forch does trouble with your card . Apologise, but we frozen card . Info: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good morning. Reputable Olena . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Take untill: saturday 23 19:00 INFO: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Midday. Respected Client . We caught that Alex Colins tryes to do troubles with your card . We frozen card . Unfroze: +380629464279 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Client . We see some not tipical mistake on your account . Apologise, but we closed your bank`s account . If it was not you,follow: +380631243125 
SMIS	Good morning. Respected Client . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You have lucky number,that is why You won car in out draw! Can be token untill: 21.3 14:00 More info: onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	Good morning. Respected Oleksandr . There are that someone does unusual activities on your account . Apologise, but we frozen bank`s account . Info: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	Bad news. Good midday. Olena . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why On your account was sent 1924 USD. Propose deal untill: 3 day from tooday More info: osgift.info/zcas 
SMIS	ERROR! Hi. Respected Maksim . We catch that Nick Forch does unusual mistakes on your account . We stopped account . Unfroze: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Oleg . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Available untill: 21.3 14:00 More info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Good morning. Reputable Customers . We see that Nick Forch does interesting for us activity with your card . We closed your bank`s card . Info: +365848421369 
SMIS	Dear Sergey . There are that Nick Forch does fraudulent actions with your card . For some time we blocked your bank`s account . Unfroze: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Respected . We see that Alex Colins tryes to do ungeneral mistake with your acct . Apologise, but we blocked bank`s card . Link: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Katerina . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Can be token untill: 14:00 More info: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Client . There are that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent troubles on your bank account . For safe we stopped bank`s card . Unblock: +380958462135 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Dear Oleksandr . We see someone, hwo tries to do not tipical mistakes with your acct . Thinking about you, we closed bank`s card . To get more info follow http://bank.com/pay/money.com?pay 
SMIS	ERROR! Good morning. Dear Katerina . We see someone, hwo tries to do interesting for us action on your bank account . Apologise, but we blocked your card . INFO: +380629464279 
SMIS	ERROR! Users . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do ungeneral activities with your acct . For safe we blocked bank`s card . Unblock: oloto.info/pacfs 
SMIS	Hello. Respected User . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Lucky day, because you won a new phon in our loto! Can be token untill: 14:00 Link: +380978452789 
SMIS	Hi. Respected Olena . There are that Alex Colins tryes to do troubles on your bank account . For safe we frozen your account . Unfroze: +380631243125 
SMIS	Bad news. Good morning. Dear Users . That is bad day, but only for us! Fortunate day for you! Because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 Unfroze: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	Hi. Dear Sergey . We catch some activities on your account . Thinking about you, we closed your card . To get more info follow http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Good morning. Reputable Customers . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Take untill: 15:00 If it was not you,follow: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Dear Customers . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do trouble with your card . We closed your bank`s account . Info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	OH NO! Morning. Oleg . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Lucky day, because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Available untill: 15:00 More info: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Good morning. Reputable Katerina . We detected that Nick Forch does not tipical mistake on your account . Apologise, but we stopped bank`s account . Unfroze: +380629464279 
SMIS	Afternoon. Respected Sergey . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Take untill: 3 day Unfroze: osh21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Dear Customers . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because You won a new laptop! Propose deal untill: saturday 23 19:00 Info: oshad21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Good morning. Dear Client . There are some ungeneral activities on your account . Unfortunately, but we blocked account . If it was not you,follow: http://oschad24.ua/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Midday. Reputable Client . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You are happy man, because You won 1 milion USD in our online loto! Propose deal untill: 15:00 Unblock: bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Reputable Client . We caught that Nick Forch does not tipical action with your acct . For some time we closed bank`s account . Info: oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ERROR! Afternoon. Respected Users . Congratulation! That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why On your account was sent 1924 USD. Propose deal untill: 15:00 Info: +365848421369 
SMIS	Hello. Dear Oleg . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do unusual action on your account . We closed your account . If it was not you,follow: a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Reputable Client . We see someone, hwo tries to do interesting for us trouble on your account . Apologise, but we closed your bank`s account . If it was not you,follow: onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	ERROR! Midday. Dear Client . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Happy day for you!!. Because You won car in out draw! Available untill: 23.02 19:00 Unblock: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Oleg . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Fortunate day for you! Because On your account was sent 1523 USD. Take untill: 3 day from tooday Link: oshad2.info/pG32Gs 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Reputable Customer . There are that Nick Forch does troubles with your acct . For your safe we stopped card . More info: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	Midday. Respected Olena . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You are happy man, because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Available untill: 14:00 More info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Afternoon. Dear Danilo . We catch that Alex Colins tryes to do interesting for us activity on your bank account . Unfortunately, but we closed bank`s card . INFO: http://oschad24.ua/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	Morning. Respected Katerina . We see that someone does interesting for us mistake with your acct . Unfortunately, but we stopped bank`s account . More info: a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Customers . We caught that Nick Forch does activity on your bank account . Thinking about you, we frozen bank`s card . Unfroze: +380458716599 
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Reputable Client . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You are happy man, because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Take untill: 15:00 Info: osgift.info/zcas 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good midday. Respected Oleksey . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Lucky day, because you won a new phon in our loto! Available untill: 15:00 More info: a4asd.info/pqwepasc 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Oleg . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Can be token untill: 23.02 19:00 Unfroze: http://privat.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Hi. Reputable Olga . We caught someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral troubles with your acct . We closed your bank`s account . For more info: onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	Bad news. Good afternoon. Respected Oleksandr . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because On your account was sent 1924 USD. Available untill: 14:00 More info: +380458716599 
SMIS	Hello. Respected Customers . We detected that someone does fraudulent mistake with your card . Unfortunately, but we frozen your bank`s account . Link: oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Respected Client . There are some unusual mistakes on your account . Apologise, but we blocked your bank`s account . Info: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Oleksey . We catch someone, hwo tries to do not tipical action with your card . For safe we blocked account . Link: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Afternoon. Reputable User . We catch some interesting for us actions on your account . For some time we stopped bank`s account . To get more info follow oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	OH NO! Good morning. Oleksandr . We caught someone, hwo tries to do unusual mistakes on your account . Thinking about you, we stopped your bank`s account . More info: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	ERROR! Morning. Sergey . We catch that Nick Forch does unusual activity on your account . Apologise, but we blocked bank`s account . INFO: +380978452789 
SMIS	Good midday. Dear . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You won car in out draw! Take untill: 14:00 For more info: +380629464279 
SMIS	Midday. Reputable Oleg . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Take untill: 15:00 For more info: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Midday. Respected Customers . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Available untill: 23.02 19:00 If it was not you,follow: +380958462135 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Afternoon. Maksim . We see that someone does fraudulent activities with your card . For safe we stopped your bank`s account . To get more info follow privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	Midday. Respected Oleksey . We detected that Nick Forch does ungeneral trouble with your card . For safe we blocked bank`s card . Unblock: onlav.info/pbs 
SMIS	Bad news. Hi. Olga . That is bad day, but only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because You won a new laptop! Propose deal untill: 15:00 If it was not you,follow: osha.info/AFkFx3dfs 
SMIS	Good morning. Reputable Elizaveta . We see that Nick Forch does unusual mistakes with your card . For your safe we closed your card . Unblock: +380978452789 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Midday. Respected Customers . We detected someone, hwo tries to do ungeneral trouble on your account . Apologise, but we blocked your bank`s card . For more info: +380978452789 
SMIS	Midday. Users . We see some activities on your bank account . For your safe we frozen card . Link: privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Afternoon. Reputable Customer . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Available untill: saturday 23 19:00 Unfroze: oloto.info/pacfs 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Oleksey . Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! by a lucky accident, You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Propose deal untill: 23.02 19:00 Info: +365848421369 
SMIS	Bad news. Good midday. Respected . We see that Alex Colins tryes to do not tipical mistake on your account . Apologise, but we stopped account . Unfroze: http://google-suppore.com/novabnk.ua/pay/ADFDSFSDF 
SMIS	OH NO! Good midday. Danilo . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! by a lucky accident, On your account was sent 1924 USD. Can be token untill: saturday 23 19:00 Info: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	Midday. Respected Customer . That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Available untill: saturday 23 19:00 Info: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Hello. . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Happy day for you!!. Because you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Take untill: 3 day Info: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	Hi. Dear Sergey . We catch someone, hwo tries to do unusual activity on your account . For safe we blocked your bank`s account . If it was not you,follow: basdi2.info/pq42ssc 
SMIS	ERROR! Afternoon. Reputable Maksim . We see that Nick Forch does not tipical action on your bank account . Thinking about you, we blocked your account . Unfroze: oshad2.info/pG32Gs 
SMIS	Midday. Sergey . There are some not tipical actions with your acct . We closed card . To get more info follow bnvxsd2.info/vferwesds 
SMIS	ERROR! Hello. Reputable Sergey . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! by a lucky accident, You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Can be token untill: 3 day from tooday Unblock: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hi. Dear Oleg . We see that Alex Colins tryes to do mistake with your card . We closed your bank`s card . Unblock: a4asd.info/paywvw4w 
SMIS	Good morning. Dear Olena . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You have lucky number,that is why you won a new phon in our loto! Propose deal untill: 14:00 To get more info follow http://gkkn.site?PAYUSBANK 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Afternoon. Reputable Oleksey . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because On your account was sent 1523 USD. Take untill: saturday 23 19:00 Unfroze: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Afternoon. Dear Olga . We see that Nick Forch does unusual actions on your bank account . We stopped your bank`s card . More info: +380458716599 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Morning. Respected Olena . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because On your account was sent 1523 USD. Propose deal untill: 3 day Unfroze: oshad12.info/p2lasd 
SMIS	Elizaveta . We see that Nick Forch does activity on your account . For some time we stopped your card . Unblock: bns52.info/vmlsds 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Users . We detected that someone does unusual mistakes with your card . Unfortunately, but we frozen account . INFO: +380978452789 
SMIS	OH NO! Good midday. Reputable Maksim . We caught that Alex Colins tryes to do troubles on your bank account . For some time we closed account . INFO: +365848421369 
SMIS	Bad news. Midday. Dear Users . We catch someone, hwo tries to do interesting for us activities with your acct . We stopped card . Link: http://privat24.com.unblockcard.ua?pay 
SMIS	ERROR! Afternoon. Respected Oleg . We see that someone does ungeneral actions with your card . Unfortunately, but we frozen your bank`s card . INFO: oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Hello. Dear Customers . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Happy day for you!!. Because You won a new laptop! Available untill: 15:00 If it was not you,follow: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Reputable Sergey . That is bad day, but only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because you won a new phon in our loto! Propose deal untill: 3 day Link: bzsdw.info/mawrsasdd 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Oleksey . That is bad day, but only for us! by a lucky accident, you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Propose deal untill: 3 day from tooday For more info: +380639483113 
SMIS	Bad news. Afternoon. Respected Oleksey . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Lucky day, because You got a 14k point in our draw, and now can chose your prize! Take untill: 23.02 19:00 Info: privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	Hi. Danilo . Congrats! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! Lucky day, because You won car in out draw! Can be token untill: 23.02 19:00 Unblock: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	Bad news. Respected Sergey . We catch that Nick Forch does ungeneral actions on your bank account . Apologise, but we stopped account . More info: http://google-suppore.com/asvsd.ua/pay 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hello. Katerina . We caught some interesting for us trouble with your card . Unfortunately, but we closed bank`s account . If it was not you,follow: bzsdw.info/mawrsasdd 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Midday. Reputable Customer . We see someone, hwo tries to do unusual activities with your card . For your safe we blocked bank`s card . Unfroze: oshadsa1.infooo/pbxdfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Good midday. Reputable Oleksey . We catch some fraudulent mistake with your card . Thinking about you, we blocked card . For more info: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Respected Oleksey . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Fortunate day for you! Because You won car in out draw! Available untill: saturday 23 19:00 For more info: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	Midday. Dear Users . Congrats! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! You have lucky number,that is why You won a free coupon for 1000 USD if FOXTROT! Propose deal untill: 3 day Unblock: oshad21.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Bad news. Hello. Reputable User . We detected that Alex Colins tryes to do fraudulent action on your bank account . We closed your account . INFO: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Hello. Respected . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You have lucky number,that is why you won a new phon in our loto! Available untill: 14:00 To get more info follow oshad2.info/pG32Gs 
SMIS	ERROR! Morning. Respected Olena . That is bad day, but only for us! by a lucky accident, you won 1000 dollars on your bank account! Can be token untill: 3 day To get more info follow http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	ERROR! Good morning. Respected . Congrats! That is bad day, but only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because On your account was sent 1523 USD. Take untill: 3 day from tooday More info: +380978452789 
SMIS	Bad news. Hi. Elizaveta . We see that someone does actions on your bank account . For some time we blocked your bank`s account . Link: privat23.info/plpecc 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good afternoon. Reputable Customer . There are some fraudulent activity on your bank account . Thinking about you, we stopped your bank`s card . More info: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	Afternoon. Maksim . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Fortunate day for you! Because On your account was sent 1523 USD. Take untill: 21.3 14:00 Link: osha.info/AFkFx3dfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Good morning. Katerina . Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because You won car in out draw! Take untill: 15:00 Unfroze: +365848421369 
SMIS	ERROR! Sergey . We caught someone, hwo tries to do unusual activity with your card . For safe we blocked bank`s account . Unfroze: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Hi. Reputable Oleg . Congrats! That is bad day, but only for us! You have lucky number,that is why You won a new house in center of Kiev!!! Available untill: 23.02 19:00 Unblock: +380639483113 
SMIS	Good morning. Reputable Maksim . Congratulation! For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! Happy day for you!!. Because you won a new phon in our loto! Propose deal untill: saturday 23 19:00 INFO: http://oschad24.ua/vabank.ua/pay/LFDTSFSDF 
SMIS	ERROR! Hello. Elizaveta . There are that Alex Colins tryes to do trouble with your card . Unfortunately, but we blocked your account . If it was not you,follow: getgifts.info/pbxdfs 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Reputable Customers . We see someone, hwo tries to do activities with your acct . For your safe we closed your bank`s card . Unblock: +365848421369 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Respected Oleksey . We see that Nick Forch does fraudulent actions on your bank account . Apologise, but we blocked bank`s account . Unfroze: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	ERROR! Midday. Danilo . We detected someone, hwo tries to do action with your card . We stopped your account . More info: +380978452789 
SMIS	OH NO! Good afternoon. Dear Elizaveta . We caught that someone does ungeneral actions with your acct . We frozen account . If it was not you,follow: oloto.info/pacfs 
SMIS	OH NO! Hi. Oleksandr . Congrats! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Happy day for you!!. Because You won a new laptop! Can be token untill: 14:00 Info: http://privat24.com/infobank.com?pay 
SMIS	OH NO! Afternoon. Reputable User . For us - bad news. For you - only good!!! by a lucky accident, you won a new phon in our loto! Can be token untill: 15:00 Unfroze: pay32.info/pzlsd 
SMIS	OH NO! Afternoon. Respected Sergey . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! Fortunate day for you! Because You won a new laptop! Can be token untill: 3 day For more info: http//gg.site?unlockbuy 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Respected Customer . Congratulation! Don`t worry. Bad day only for us! You are happy man, because You won a new laptop! Can be token untill: 3 day Unblock: http://monobank.ua/vlfsmdfe.com/pay/LFFASBF 
SMIS	Good afternoon. Reputable Users . Congratulation! Bad news for us, but happy for you!!! You are happy man, because You won car in out draw! Can be token untill: 23.02 19:00 Unblock: +380458716599 
SMIS	ATTENTION! Afternoon. Reputable Olena . We catch someone, hwo tries to do interesting for us mistake on your account . Unfortunately, but we closed bank`s card . INFO: http://monobank.ua/vakandak.com/pay/LFDEUIOESDF
SPAM	A law about alcohol in Ukraine is signed. Read more https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9cd395
SPAM	Rada is come back! A law that about referendum that Selenskiy served is signed. More: https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=6682d4cbdf&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	The procedure for considering bills on coronavirus vaccination has been simplified. https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=98205804e5&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	Fines for violation of man-caused and fire safety were increased. Link: https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=4a419ebd11&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	Supported the admission of foreign troops to Ukraine in 2021. https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=fcfc10935b&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	In addition, Prime Minister Denis Shmygal presented a "road map" for vaccination of the population against COVID-19. https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=1fb657df6c&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	KIIS has released a new presidential rating . Compared to previous polls, the situation in the top three has changed.https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=195b930127&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	Big discount in our chop!!! Your promo code at a discount CBSB-G1FT-SHRT-1449 https://cdn.rozetka.com.ua/rozetka/e/.eJwTUnAPf289_-qMf9feSKjtvxNj37axxEXsVsmzCVsP7uJ_muAgpZZRUlJQbKWvX5RflVqSnaiXnJ-rV5qoD0QFRfm5-frFGflFJfqG5iaKjP4sNxytuLmYSouFWFNzEzNzwJxcGEcKyEkWEgFriE9LLM7IzM-LNzI3MDQyjOpk1NdPyk-p1C9JTMpJ1S8p0i9J0U9OzStJLUIRwsaONo3FKWWEU0q_JAMsi-DqFxck5uknJplaGJqbmxqapBimmiSaJ6Wm1hSlpmcWA52SmmJlbmZsamhgYlBjmGqWlmRslGqaaJBsZGlqDgDWonN_.-JgUNGHUcjGvUA/click
SPAM	New US President Joe Biden spoke for the first time with Vladimir Putin. Apparently, the fact that the Russian State Duma immediately afterwards extended the nuclear agreement is not easy. Read more: https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=02b77060c8&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	Prices for hot water and heat. So far, you can exhale with relief, because the price will not change . It will remain fixed, although not for long - only until the end of this heating season. https://24tv.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=43d4f8ce9b3fac9a8e9cd395e&id=07d9428923&e=97f7c2fb4f
SPAM	Waiting for shortest mounts! Get diskount untill 50%! Your promo code at a discount valid until 01.02.2021 CBSB-G1FT-SHRT-1449 https://cdn.rozetka.com.ua/rozetka/e/.eJwTUvBUu6canFnr-3vL5QxPPsVXV14rZL7_a9qqtUj3wsKd0t1SahklJQXFVvr6RflVqSXZiXrJ-bl6pYn6QFRQlJ-br1-ckV9Uom8Yes_8kQvLDUcrbi6m0mIh1tTcxMwcMCcXxhECcpKFeMAa4o3MDQyNDKNK9fWT8lMq9UsSk3JS9UuK9EtS9JNT80pSi1CEsLGjTWJxSpmiSWXADC0uSMzTT0wyNTGxTEw2TbI0tTBNMUlOSq0pSk3PLAaqSE2xMjczNjU0MDGoMTe2TDQwS01KMze2MEpOMQMAgs1piw.kDwrbrQl_nBzYQ/click
SPAM	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entr...
SPAM	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it s...
SPAM	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6day..
SPAM	URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our ?100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to ...
SPAM	XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> 
SPAM	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged ?5/month Please confirm by r
SPAM	SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect?
SPAM	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, Sta...
SPAM	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you ar...
SPAM	Did you hear about the new \Divorce Barbie\"? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!"
SPAM	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a ...
SPAM	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password \MIX\" to 85069 to verify.
SPAM	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim cal 0974125255
SPAM	Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please cal...
SPAM	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr ...
SPAM	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK's largest Dog..
SPAM	You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u ge
SPAM	Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435
SPAM	-PLS STOP bootydelious (32/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
SPAM	BangBabes Ur order is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
SPAM	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a ?900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701939. Claim code S89. Valid 12hrs only
SPAM	Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
SPAM	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY ?1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18
SPAM	U 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094597
SPAM	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
SPAM	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
SPAM	Hey I am really horny want to chat or see me naked text hot to 69698 text charged at 150pm to unsubscribe text stop 69698
SPAM	Ur ringtone service has changed! 25 Free credits! Go to club4mobiles.com to choose content now! Stop? txt CLUB STOP to 87070. 150p/wk Club4 PO Box1146 MK45 2WT
SPAM	Ringtone Club: Get the UK singles chart on your mobile each week and choose any top quality ringtone! This message is free of charge.
SPAM	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
SPAM	T-Mobile customer you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade & a pay & go sim card for your loyalty. Call on 0845 021 3680.Offer ends 28thFeb.T&C's apply
SPAM	SMS. ac Blind Date 4U!: Rodds1 is 21/m from Aberdeen, United Kingdom. Check Him out http://img. sms. ac/W/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no Blind Dates send HIDE
SPAM	TheMob> Check out our newest selection of content, Games, Tones, Gossip, babes and sport, Keep your mobile fit and funky text WAP to 82468
SPAM	Think ur smart ? Win ?200 this week in our weekly quiz, text PLAY to 85222 now!T&Cs WinnersClub PO BOX 84, M26 3UZ. 16+. GBP1.50/week
SPAM	December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906
SPAM	Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access!
SPAM	Valentines Day Special! Win over ?1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. CustCare:08718720201.
SPAM	Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to 69876. Txts cost 1.50 per msg. TnCs on website. X
SPAM	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
SPAM	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send CASH to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08708800282 HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1J6HL
SPAM	Update_Now - Xmas Offer! Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & FREE Bluetooth! Double Mins & 1000 Txt on Orange. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/F4Q=
SPAM	Here is your discount code RP176781. To stop further messages reply stop. www.regalportfolio.co.uk. Customer Services 08717205546
SPAM	Thanks for your Ringtone Order, Reference T91. You will be charged GBP 4 per week. You can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994
SPAM	Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX
SPAM	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths ? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
SPAM	FREE RINGTONE text FIRST to 87131 for a poly or text GET to 87131 for a true tone! Help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3x?150pw to send txt stop
SPAM	100 dating service call 09064012103 box334sk38ch
SPAM	FREE entry into our ?250 weekly competition just text the word WIN to 80086 NOW. 18 T&C www.txttowin.co.uk
SPAM	Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p
SPAM	Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09111032124 . PoBox12n146tf150p
SPAM	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a ?2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094455 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
SPAM	Congrats! Nokia 3650 video camera phone is your Call 09066382422 Calls cost 150ppm Ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ Close 300603 post BCM4284 Ldn WC1N3XX
SPAM	Loan for any purpose ?500 - ?75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
SPAM	UpgrdCentre Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9153. Offer ends 26th July. T&C's apply. Opt-out available
SPAM	okmail: Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
SPAM	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur Mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network by txting MOAN to 69888Nyt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
SPAM	FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
SPAM	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!
SPAM	+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the ?1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
SPAM	You are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a ?500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18+
SPAM	Boltblue tones for 150p Reply POLY# or MONO# eg POLY3 1. Cha Cha Slide 2. Yeah 3. Slow Jamz 6. Toxic 8. Come With Me or STOP 4 more tones txt MORE
SPAM	Your credits have been topped up for http://www.bubbletext.com Your renewal Pin is tgxxrz
SPAM	URGENT!: Your Mobile No. was awarded a ?2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9755 BOX95QU
SPAM	Today's Offer! Claim ur ?150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. ?3.00 Sub. 16 .
SPAM	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07815296484 shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code 41782 Expires 18/11/04
SPAM	from www.Applausestore.com MonthlySubscription@50p/msg max6/month T&CsC web age16 2stop txt stop
SPAM	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a ?1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
SPAM	You have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! To claim, call09050000327
SPAM	our mobile number has won ?5000, to claim calls us back or ring the claims hot line on 09050005321.
SPAM	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of 750 mins 150 textand a new video phone call 08002988890 now or reply for free delivery tomorrow
SPAM	For ur chance to win a ?250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
SPAM	You have been specially selected to receive a 2000 pound award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
SPAM	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07753741225 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203677 Identifier Code: 42478 Expires 24/10/04
SPAM	You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
SPAM	XCLUSIVE@CLUBSAISAI 2MOROW 28/5 SOIREE SPECIALE ZOUK WITH NICHOLS FROM PARIS.FREE ROSES 2 ALL LADIES !!! info: 07946746291/07880867867
SPAM	22 days to kick off! For Euro2004 U will be kept up to date with the latest news and results daily. To be removed send GET TXT STOP to 83222
SPAM	New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693
SPAM	Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a ?350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your ?350 award.
SPAM	Dear Voucher Holder, 2 claim this weeks offer, at your PC go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply.2 stop texts txt STOP to 80062.
SPAM	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203694 Identifier Code: 40533 Expires 31/10/04
SPAM	SMS. ac sun0819 posts HELLO:"You seem cool, wanted to say hi. HI!!!" Stop? Send STOP to 62468
SPAM	Get ur 1st RINGTONE FREE NOW! Reply to this msg with TONE. Gr8 TOP 20 tones to your phone every week just ?1.50 per wk 2 opt out send STOP 08452810071 16
SPAM	Hi I'm sue. I am 20 years old and work as a lapdancer. I love sex. Text me live - I'm i my bedroom now. text SUE to 89555. By TextOperator G2 1DA 150ppmsg 18+
SPAM	<Forwarded from 448712404000>Please CALL 08712404000 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
SPAM	To review and KEEP the fantastic Nokia N-Gage game deck with Club Nokia, go 2 www.cnupdates.com/newsletter. unsubscribe from alerts reply with the word OUT
SPAM	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths+? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt T&Cs
SPAM	08714712388 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
SPAM	+449071512431 URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON ?1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. max?7. 50
SPAM	Email AlertFrom: Jeri StewartSize: 2KBSubject: Low-cost prescripiton drvgsTo listen to email call 123
SPAM	Hi. Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY ?10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
SPAM	U are subscribed to the best Mobile Content Service in the UK for ?3 per 10 days until you send STOP to 82324. Helpline 08706091795
SPAM	Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
SPAM	Romantic Paris. 2 nights, 2 flights from ?79 Book now 4 next year. Call 08704439680Ts&Cs apply.
SPAM	Urgent Ur ?500 guaranteed award is still unclaimed! Call 09066368327 NOW closingdate04/09/02 claimcode M39M51 ?1.50pmmorefrommobile2Bremoved-MobyPOBox734LS27YF
SPAM	UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a ?200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 ?1.50perWKsub
SPAM	You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
SPAM	Ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? Just txt back NAME and AGE to join the mobile community. (100p/SMS)
SPAM	5 Free Top Polyphonic Tones call 087018728737, National Rate. Get a toppoly tune sent every week, just text SUBPOLY to 81618, ?3 per pole. UnSub 08718727870.
SPAM	Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9996. Offer ends 14thMarch. T&C's apply. Opt-out availa
SPAM	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mobile every week just txt NOKIA to 8077 Get txting and tell ur mates. www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ 16+ norm150p/tone
SPAM	You have won a guaranteed ?200 award or even ?1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP. RG21 4JX
SPAM	U were outbid by simonwatson5120 on the Shinco DVD Plyr. 2 bid again, visit sms. ac/smsrewards 2 end bid notifications, reply END OUT
SPAM	SMSSERVICES. for yourinclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
SPAM	25p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
SPAM	U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
SPAM	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply. To stop texts, txt STOP to 80062
SPAM	Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW VIDEO phone for only five pounds per week call 08002888812 or reply for delivery tomorrow
SPAM	We tried to contact you re our offer of New Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins HALF PRICE Rental camcorder call 08000930705 or reply for delivery Wed
SPAM	Last chance 2 claim ur ?150 worth of discount vouchers-Text YES to 85023 now!SavaMob-member offers mobile T Cs 08717898035. ?3.00 Sub. 16 . Remove txt X or STOP
SPAM	Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+
SPAM	Talk sexy!! Make new friends or fall in love in the worlds most discreet text dating service. Just text VIP to 83110 and see who you could meet.
SPAM	Congratulations ur awarded either a yrs supply of CDs from Virgin Records or a Mystery Gift GUARANTEED Call 09061104283 Ts&Cs www.smsco.net ?1.50pm approx 3mins
SPAM	What do U want for Xmas? How about 100 free text messages & a new video phone with half price line rental? Call free now on 0800 0721072 to find out more!
SPAM	Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, ?500 Cash or ?100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary
SPAM	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094565
SPAM	Reminder: You have not downloaded the content you have already paid for. Goto http://doit. mymoby. tv/ to collect your content.
SPAM	all the lastest from Stereophonics, Marley, Dizzee Racal, Libertines and The Strokes! Win Nookii games with Flirt!! Click TheMob WAP Bookmark or text WAP to 82468
SPAM	January Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
SPAM	money!!! you r a lucky winner ! 2 claim your prize text money 2 88600 over ?1million to give away ! ppt150x3+normal text rate box403 w1t1jy
SPAM	Dear Matthew please call 09063440451 from a landline, your complimentary 4*Lux Tenerife holiday or ?1000 CASH await collection. ppm150 SAE T&Cs Box334 SK38XH.
SPAM	Urgent! call 09061749602 from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or ?10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 528 HP20 1YF 150ppm 18+
SPAM	How about getting in touch with folks waiting for company? Just txt back your NAME and AGE to opt in! Enjoy the community (150p/SMS)
SPAM	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a ?800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001808 from land line. Claim M95. Valid12hrs only
SPAM	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid your mates, play java games, Dload polyPH music, noline rentl.
SPAM	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed ?1000 cash or ?5000 prize!
SPAM	Panasonic & BluetoothHdset FREE. Nokia FREE. Motorola FREE & DoubleMins & DoubleTxt on Orange contract. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call 2optout
SPAM	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
SPAM	We know someone who you know that fancies you. Call 09058097218 to find out who. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p
SPAM	18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
SPAM	EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN ?100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
SPAM	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
SPAM	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a ?800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050003091 from land line. Claim C52. Valid12hrs only
SPAM	Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688
SPAM	You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p?3.99
SPAM	WIN URGENT! Your mobile number has been awarded with a ?2000 prize GUARANTEED call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030 valid 12hrs only 150ppm
SPAM	Dear Subscriber ur draw 4 ?100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. When was Elvis Presleys Birthday? TXT answer to 80062
SPAM	Message Important information for O2 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you
SPAM	449050000301 You have won a ?2,000 price! To claim, call 09050000301.
SPAM	Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW video phone for only five pounds per week call 08000776320 now or reply for delivery Tomorrow
SPAM	For taking part in our mobile survey yesterday! You can now have 500 texts 2 use however you wish. 2 get txts just send TXT to 80160 T&C www.txt43.com 1.50p
SPAM	Ur HMV Quiz cash-balance is currently ?500 - to maximize ur cash-in now send HMV1 to 86688 only 150p/msg
SPAM	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
SPAM	Thank you, winner notified by sms. Good Luck! No future marketing reply STOP to 84122 customer services 08450542832
SPAM	1000's of girls many local 2 u who r virgins 2 this & r ready 2 4fil ur every sexual need. Can u 4fil theirs? text CUTE to 69911(?1.50p. m)
SPAM	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
SPAM	Got what it takes 2 take part in the WRC Rally in Oz? U can with Lucozade Energy! Text RALLY LE to 61200 (25p), see packs or lucozade.co.uk/wrc & itcould be u!
SPAM	Sex up ur mobile with a FREE sexy pic of Jordan! Just text BABE to 88600. Then every wk get a sexy celeb! PocketBabe.co.uk 4 more pics. 16 ?3/wk 087016248
SPAM	WIN a year supply of CDs 4 a store of ur choice worth ?500 & enter our ?100 Weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 Ts&Cs www.Ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
SPAM	As a SIM subscriber, you are selected to receive a Bonus! Get it delivered to your door, Txt the word OK to No: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, EXP. 30Apr
SPAM	No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
SPAM	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive ?1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
SPAM	Reply with your name and address and YOU WILL RECEIVE BY POST a weeks completely free accommodation at various global locations www.phb1.com ph:08700435505150p
SPAM	FREE entry into our ?250 weekly comp just send the word ENTER to 84128 NOW. 18 T&C www.textcomp.com cust care 08712405020.
SPAM	Please CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you