LEGI	Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
LEGI	Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
LEGI	Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
LEGI	Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
LEGI	Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
LEGI	Its a part of checking IQ
LEGI	Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
LEGI	Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
LEGI	Today is song dedicated day.. Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
LEGI	I plane to give on this month end.
LEGI	Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
LEGI	Finished class where are you.
LEGI	HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
LEGI	K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
LEGI	U can call me now...
LEGI	I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
LEGI	Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
LEGI	I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
LEGI	Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
LEGI	Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
LEGI	Sorry, I'll call later
LEGI	K. Did you call me just now ah?
LEGI	Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
LEGI	You will be in the place of that man
LEGI	Yup next stop.
LEGI	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
LEGI	For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
LEGI	Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
LEGI	I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
LEGI	Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
LEGI	Yeah do! Don‘t stand to close tho- you‘ll catch something!
LEGI	Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry.
LEGI	Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
LEGI	Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
LEGI	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
LEGI	Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
LEGI	How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
LEGI	I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
LEGI	Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
LEGI	What is the plural of the noun research?
LEGI	Going for dinner.msg you after.
LEGI	I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
LEGI	Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
LEGI	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
LEGI	Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed!
LEGI	Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
LEGI	here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
LEGI	I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12
LEGI	Ü predict wat time ü'll finish buying?
LEGI	Good stuff, will do.
LEGI	Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
LEGI	Are you there in room.
LEGI	HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
LEGI	K..k:)how much does it cost?
LEGI	I'm home.
LEGI	Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
LEGI	First answer my question.
LEGI	I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
LEGI	He is there. You call and meet him
LEGI	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
LEGI	Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot ü in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
LEGI	K, text me when you're on the way
LEGI	Sir, Waiting for your mail.
LEGI	A swt thought: Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.. Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8
LEGI	I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
LEGI	Yes see ya not on the dot
LEGI	Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
LEGI	Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
LEGI	K..i deleted my contact that why?
LEGI	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
LEGI	The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
LEGI	Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
LEGI	Ok... Ur typical reply...
LEGI	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
LEGI	You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
LEGI	Aaooooright are you at work?
LEGI	I'm leaving my house now...
LEGI	Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
LEGI	Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
LEGI	New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
LEGI	I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
LEGI	I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
LEGI	Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
LEGI	Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo
LEGI	Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
LEGI	Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
LEGI	Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao...
LEGI	What time you coming down later?
LEGI	Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m...
LEGI	Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
LEGI	Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
LEGI	U still going to the mall?
LEGI	Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
LEGI	Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
LEGI	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
LEGI	You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
LEGI	Lol no. U can trust me.
LEGI	ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
LEGI	He will, you guys close?
LEGI	Going on nothing great.bye
LEGI	Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
LEGI	Haha awesome, be there in a minute
LEGI	Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
LEGI	I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
LEGI	Chal
LEGI	Chal be vo Mera style nhi hai
LEGI	Aur vaise bhi samajhdaar samajh jaate hai
LEGI	Bina btaye
LEGI	Chup re gadhe
LEGI	Drr gayi main to Teri dhmki sw
LEGI	Stupid meerut
LEGI	For love of God come online!
LEGI	What. Why. Not allowed xD
LEGI	Where are you? Come online for five.
LEGI	Are You in train yet? Care to reply pliss
LEGI	Goodnight then?
LEGI	Aaj Nhi aana h?
LEGI	Hotspot. Use kar lo :3 kissi ke pass nhi h ?
LEGI	Online aa jao
LEGI	Okay wait for five
LEGI	Do you think that maybe we can talk?
LEGI	Back,babe ;*
LEGI	Also. Thanks for the flower *.* your first one to me! *_* love you so much!
LEGI	Doesn't matter how much time we get to spend together ..I start missing you as soon as I get back home
LEGI	Not bad huh? ;*
LEGI	Oh god. I can't sleep. Thank you so much. And still so wet.
LEGI	WiFi went off . Fml.
LEGI	Sorry
LEGI	Yaar. Rehne De.
LEGI	Today
LEGI	Okay? Maybe we could meet
LEGI	Or maybe just wait
LEGI	I don't think it'll be possible today. I'm sorry
LEGI	Oh and..say hi to Yug!
LEGI	You there? Everything okay?
LEGI	Where are you? Come online!!!!
LEGI	I'm so sorry. This place has no privacy
LEGI	My freaking family! What else!? Jab bhi baat karne baithti hu koi aa jaata h! I'm so sorry. Upar se WiFi toh pta Nhi kya chul hoti h band karne ki
LEGI	Did she see it? Reply pls
LEGI	Just reply to all those questions.
LEGI	Why you no have bal? :/ I feel like bugging you all the time
LEGI	Ok. I didn't know you were such an artist *_* iron man has been my fav. *_* and that one. You nailed it , man. *hats Off , sir*
LEGI	Come online?
LEGI	I'm having bad stomach ache. Periods. I'll come around 4. It's killing me.
LEGI	You see..Idk. Well grown ups don't get it. Okay? So. Idk.
LEGI	But big enough. And. Mom is upset bcs she thought we were mature enough not to fall for shit like that.
LEGI	Hey. It's a little storm back at my place. The only thing I care about Is my bond with mom. Its not even such big of deal as much these people made it look like.
LEGI	We have received your order no.149 amounting to Rs.1550 and its being prepared.You can track your order at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank You!
LEGI	yadavayushmaan08@gmail.com Bhej do ppt
LEGI	Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
LEGI	Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
LEGI	U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
LEGI	Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
LEGI	Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
LEGI	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
LEGI	I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
LEGI	I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
LEGI	I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
LEGI	Oh k...i'm watching here:)
LEGI	Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
LEGI	Fine if thats the way u feel. Thats the way its gota b
LEGI	Is that seriously how you spell his name?
LEGI	I‘m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
LEGI	So ü pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
LEGI	Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
LEGI	Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
LEGI	Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
LEGI	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st Ur Lovely Friendship... good morning dear
LEGI	Gettin rdy to ship comp
LEGI	THANX 4 PUTTIN DA FONE DOWN ON ME!!
LEGI	Wewa is 130. Iriver 255. All 128 mb.
LEGI	Cool, we shall go and see, have to go to tip anyway. Are you at home, got something to drop in later? So lets go to town tonight! Maybe mum can take us in.
LEGI	Good afternoon, my love ... How goes your day ? How did you sleep ? I hope your well, my boytoy ... I think of you ...
LEGI	Yes... I trust u to buy new stuff ASAP so I can try it out
LEGI	Why did I wake up on my own &gt;:(
LEGI	Now get step 2 outta the way. Congrats again.
LEGI	Love has one law; Make happy the person you love. In the same way friendship has one law; Never make ur friend feel alone until you are alive.... Gud night
LEGI	Apo all other are mokka players only
LEGI	Perhaps * is much easy give your account identification, so i will tomorrow at UNI
LEGI	Wait . I will msg after  &lt;#&gt;  min.
LEGI	What i told before i tell. Stupid hear after i wont tell anything to you. You dad called to my brother and spoken. Not with me.
LEGI	God's love has no limit. God's grace has no measure. God's power has no boundaries. May u have God's endless blessings always in ur life...!! Gud ni8
LEGI	I want to be inside you every night...
LEGI	Machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight.
LEGI	Lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
LEGI	I went to project centre
LEGI	It‘s reassuring, in this crazy world.
LEGI	Just making dinner, you ?
LEGI	Yes. Please leave at  &lt;#&gt; . So that at  &lt;#&gt;  we can leave
LEGI	Oh... Okie lor...We go on sat...
LEGI	You are a great role model. You are giving so much and i really wish each day for a miracle but God as a reason for everything and i must say i wish i knew why but i dont. I've looked up to you since i was young and i still do. Have a great day.
LEGI	Ya, i'm referin to mei's ex wat... No ah, waitin 4 u to treat, somebody shld b rich liao...So gd, den u dun have to work frm tmr onwards...
LEGI	Miles and smiles r made frm same letters but do u know d difference..? smile on ur face keeps me happy even though I am miles away from u.. :-)keep smiling.. Good nyt
LEGI	By the way, i've put a skip right outside the front of the house so you can see which house it is. Just pull up before it.
LEGI	Can you pls send me that company name. In saibaba colany
LEGI	No. I dont want to hear anything
LEGI	You are a big chic. Common. Declare
LEGI	Thats cool. I want to please you...
LEGI	Going to join tomorrow.
LEGI	I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
LEGI	Total disappointment, when I texted you was the craziest shit got :(
LEGI	Its just the effect of irritation. Just ignore it
LEGI	What about this one then.
LEGI	I think that tantrum's finished so yeah I'll be by at some point
LEGI	Compliments to you. Was away from the system. How your side.
LEGI	happened here while you were adventuring
LEGI	Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june.
LEGI	Ok which your another number
LEGI	I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
LEGI	Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
LEGI	I can't believe how attached I am to seeing you every day. I know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. I will go to teach my class at your midnight
LEGI	Just sleeping..and surfing
LEGI	Yeah it's jus rite...
LEGI	Armand says get your ass over to epsilon
LEGI	I - if you aren't here in the next  &lt;#&gt;  hours imma flip my shit
LEGI	Anything lor. Juz both of us lor.
LEGI	Get me out of this dump heap. My mom decided to come to lowes. BORING.
LEGI	Ok lor... Sony ericsson salesman... I ask shuhui then she say quite gd 2 use so i considering...
LEGI	Ard 6 like dat lor.
LEGI	Why don't you wait 'til at least wednesday to see if you get your .
LEGI	Huh y lei...
LEGI	Will ü b going to esplanade fr home?
LEGI	Pity, * was in mood for that. So...any other suggestions?
LEGI	The guy did some bitching but I acted like i'd be interested in buying something else next week and he gave it to us for free
LEGI	Rofl. Its true to its name
LEGI	Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
LEGI	I am not having her number sir
LEGI	Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
LEGI	Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
LEGI	Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
LEGI	Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
LEGI	Happy new years melody!
LEGI	ÌÏ dun need to pick ur gf?
LEGI	Yay! You better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
LEGI	Horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
LEGI	Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q?
LEGI	Just nw i came to hme da..
LEGI	I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
LEGI	To day class is there are no class.
LEGI	I'm in chennai velachery:)
LEGI	You flippin your shit yet?
LEGI	K give me a sec, breaking a  &lt;#&gt;  at cstore
LEGI	Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
LEGI	Yo, you around? Just got my car back
LEGI	Annoying isn't it.
LEGI	Goodmorning, Today i am late for  &lt;#&gt; min.
LEGI	There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
LEGI	All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
LEGI	In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
LEGI	We're done...
LEGI	Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
LEGI	I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
LEGI	Ok... C ya...
LEGI	What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
LEGI	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
LEGI	Al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.xx
LEGI	NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
LEGI	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
LEGI	I know she called me
LEGI	Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
LEGI	Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
LEGI	The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
LEGI	I need you to be in my strong arms...
LEGI	Also maaaan are you missing out
LEGI	His bday real is in april .
LEGI	Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
LEGI	Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
LEGI	Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
LEGI	Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
LEGI	I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
LEGI	that would be good ‰Û_ I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
LEGI	Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
LEGI	K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
LEGI	True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
LEGI	Prakesh is there know.
LEGI	We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
LEGI	Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
LEGI	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
LEGI	Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
LEGI	I will see in half an hour
LEGI	Im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever byåÓleafcutter johnåÓ-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
LEGI	Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny,just been in bedbut mite go 2 thepub l8tr if uwana mt up?loads a luv Jenxxx.
LEGI	SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
LEGI	Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
LEGI	Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
LEGI	If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
LEGI	Ok...
LEGI	Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
LEGI	Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
LEGI	Can do lor...
LEGI	Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
LEGI	Can i meet Ì_ at 5.. As 4 where depends on where Ì_ wan 2 in lor..
LEGI	Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
LEGI	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
LEGI	Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
LEGI	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon \A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
LEGI	Yes i thought so. Thanks.
LEGI	But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
LEGI	Just wondering, the others just took off
LEGI	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
LEGI	What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
LEGI	Happy new year to u too!
LEGI	Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
LEGI	Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... ÌÏ got lect at 12 rite...
LEGI	Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
LEGI	We've got a brand new prize draw waiting for you from VeryMe Rewards - the loyalty programme built around what you love. We're giving 100 winners the chance to win £500 to spend on a prize of your choice - all you'll have to decide is what to spend it on. Join VeryMe Rewards now to get started https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards Terms apply, closes 7 Feb 2020. To end SMS, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Heads up - we haven't been able to renew your £10 Big Value Bundle because you don't have enough credit. Simply top up at least £10 in the next 7 days and we'll renew your bundle automatically. To top up or check your balance, call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile or go to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app to use the My Vodafone app. Alternatively, you can continue to pay standard rates for calls, texts and data. To find out what standard rates apply to you, visit www.vodafone.co.uk/bvb
LEGI	We see you're using data. It's £2 a day for 50MB then 10p a 1MB after. For better value, go to www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet You may want to opt in to 500MB of UK data for 30 days for only £5 each month by calling 34441 free from your Vodafone mobile. Not using data? Check no apps or updates are running in the background. Find out more at www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet
LEGI	Hello. This is to let you know that your current £10 Big Value Bundle runs out tomorrow. We'll then try to take payment for your next bundle using your credit. To automatically renew your Big Value Bundle and roll over any unused minutes and data, make sure you've got at least £10 credit. To check your balance or top up call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile or head to the My Vodafone App, visit https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app. To opt out call 2345. Terms apply.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Did you know that you've still got 100 Rewards points to collect in January? Don't miss out -?just reply COLLECT now to add them to your balance. We'll then start automatically collecting your points for you - so you can sit back and watch your points increase after every top up. Check out what you can spend them on at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Terms apply. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Don't lose your Rewards points! Reply COLLECT now to grow your balance to 250. We'll then start automatically collecting your points for you - so you can sit back and watch your points increase after every top up. Check out what you can spend them on at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Online collection code 69396. Terms apply. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello. As a little thank you for buying a Big Value Bundle, we've added 50 extra Rewards points to your balance. Remember, you can spend your points on our hand-picked selection of fantastic rewards. To see the full range, and learn more, just head to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards now. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards: Want an extra boost of data or minutes? Swap your Rewards points by simply replying VF250 for 250MB data or VF75 for 75 minutes. Check out our full range of rewards at https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Data and minutes last for 7 days and can be used in the UK and our Europe Zone. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello. Just to let you know, you've automatically collected the 100 Rewards points earned from your recent TopUp. That brings your total balance to 500 points - enough to bag yourself 250MB of data valid for 7 days. Or you can check out our full range of hand-picked rewards by heading over to https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards now. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards: Just a reminder - Rewards on Pay as you go will be closing and replaced with VeryMe Rewards on 27 September, and you'll no longer be able to collect new Rewards points after 27 August. To join VeryMe Rewards and enjoy loads of weekly treats and giveaways from your favourite brands, head to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards Plus, keep your eyes peeled for more exclusive rewards coming soon. You still have 900 Rewards points left to spend, so why not use them on some extra minutes? Visit our catalogue at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards to look at your options. Minutes last for 7 days. For further info and terms, visit vodafone.uk/paygrewards To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	Voicemail has 1 new message. Please dial 121
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello. You're really making the most of your data this month. You've now got 400MB of your 2GB allowance left. Need more? Our great value £20 Big Value Bundle gives you 8GB data, plus 1000 minutes and unlimited texts. To buy, simply reply BVB20 to 49501 free. Your new bundle will last for 30 days and renew automatically (if you have enough credit). Any allowances left from your current bundle will be lost.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Thanks for your request for a £20 Big Value Bundle. You'll receive a message shortly once your bundle has been successfully added.
LEGI	You missed a call from me at 17:55 05 Sep. This is a free Call Alert from 02.
LEGI	You missed a call from me at 10:06 27 Sep.This is a free Call Alert from O2. To disable this dial 901, press *, then option 4 and option 5.
LEGI	Sorry, your number doesn't support Visual Voicemail, so we can't set it up yet. Please goto www.02.co.uk/help and search on voicemail for help.
LEGI	02: Just to let you know that you spent around £318 on data yesterday. Outside the EU data costs £6/MB, you can track your usage using the data counter on most devices.
LEGI	02: Just to let you know that you spent around £1794 on data yesterday so we've stopped your data service. If you'd like to discuss this please contact us on 4443448090202.
LEGI	02: Your latest bill is now ready to view at My O2. Just go to www.02.co.uk/myo2/viewbill . Turn off your wifi and you won't need a username or password to log in.
LEGI	Priority: Brighten up your day. On us. Enjoy a mixed case of 9 beers from HonestBrew - just pay delivery. Great to share with mates. Until 14 Feb. Get yours now: http://v.02.co.uk/priority/ROD6V1 18+. Terms apply. To stop texts, text PRSTOP to 21300
LEGI	Great news, now you can take your plan with you to Lithuania and use your minutes, texts and data abroad in the EU at no extra cost.Calls from Lithuania to countries outside the EU are £1.20 per min and texts 50p each. Other charges are the same as when you're in the UK. Visit ee.co.uk/roaming for more info. To check if your phone is set up to use abroad reply ROAMING
LEGI	Hi from EE. Just a reminder that standard calls and texts to the UK and EU while you're in Italy are already included in your plan at no extra cost (including to other UK mobiles in the EU). Call 150 for Customer Services and 112 in case of Emergency for free. And send STOP to 9767 if you no longer want to receive these messages. Have a good trip!
LEGI	Your e-Bill is now ready to view in My Account. Simply log in at ee.co.uk/bill. We'll be taking your payment on or about 17/07/2015
LEGI	Welcome to Turkey. For data, text MAX TRAVEL to 150 to get 500MB of daily data for £6.00 a day while you're here. You'll only be charged on days you use data so no need to remove it when you're back in the UK. For full details, click add on.ee.co.uk/maxtraveldata for free (check data roaming is ON). Otherwise, click add on.ee.co.uk for free (make sure data roaming is ON) to choose a standard data add-on While you're here other costs include: Calls: £1.80/min to make & £1.80/min to receive. Texts: 60p to send Picture Message: 50p to send
LEGI	Hi again. While you're here costs include Calls: £1.20/min to make & £1.20/min to receive. Texts: 60p to send Picture Message: 50p to send Call +447953966250 for Customer Services (£1.20/min) & 112 in case of emergency. Have a good trip!
LEGI	Thanks for calling our UK & Ireland based EE Sales team today at 13:50. We'd love to get your feedback by sending you a short survey. All texts are free!
LEGI	Based on your recent interaction, how likely are you to recommend EE to friends or family? Please score between O (unlikely) and 10 (highly likely)
LEGI	Welcome to Austria. Text EUROPASS to 150 to get loads of data plus unlimited calls and texts to UK and EU, all for £4 a day. Opt-in once and you'll only be charged on days you use your phone in our Europe Zone. For full details, click http://add-on.ee.co.uk/europass for free (check data roaming is ON). Otherwise, calls cost 16.6p/min to make and 4.4p/min to receive, texts 5.2p and data from £3 for 50MB. Click http://add on ee.co.uk/text for free to buy a data add-on. Have a good trip!
LEGI	Hi again. Call 150 for Customer Services or 112 in case of emergency. Send STOP to 9767 if you no longer want to receive these info messages. Please note that photo messaging is not available in the EU.
LEGI	Hi Christopher, During this difficult and uncertain time, we're doing all we can to keep you connected to the people and things that matter most. We've made all visits to the NHS online free, so you won't use any data and calling 111 remains free too. Our priority is to help our vulnerable customers and those who are in most need, which means the wait time to speak to us may be a little longer than usual. Remember you can still log into My EE online or download the My EE app to manage your account. Visit ee.co.uk/coronavirus to find out more about what we're doing to keep you connected.
LEGI	Hi from EE. Great news, while you're in France you can use your plan minutes, texts and data allowances at no extra cost. Calls to countries outside the EU are £1.20 per min and texts 50p each. Other charges are the same as when you're in the UK. For the best possible network coverage please make sure your handset can automatically select a network. If you need help to do that, go here: http://ee.co.uk/help phones-and-device 20 min ago
LEGI	Hi again. Call 112 in case of emer gency and call +447953966250 free for Customer Services, or if you no longer want to receive these info messages abroad. Have a good trip!
LEGI	Your current balance as of today 21:40 is £5.00. You have 135 minutes, unlimited texts and 2.5GB remaining until 27/08/2018 for your £10 Everything Pack. Your last top up was £5.00 on 21/08/2018 at 14:11. For more info on your packs, d-ons or free boosts, go to MyEE. ee.co.uk/myee
LEGI	Hi. Your phone usage is higher than normal. Continuing at this level may mean you're unable to make calls or text. To avoid this you'll need to check your balance and make a payment on My EE or by calling 150.
LEGI	Almost there! We'll send you your switching information. We just need the word INFO and the account holder's date of birth in the format DDMMYY to 85075
LEGI	Hurry, there's still time for you to get 1 day of UNLIMITED data, minutes & texts for just £5. To buy this add-on, make sure you have £5 balance, then simply reply YES. This offer ends midnight Monday August 27th, so don't miss out! Terms: http://discover.ee.co. uk/x8D1o6f2 Text STOP to 2000 to opt out
LEGI	Your current balance as of today 21:01 is £0.00. You have 94 minutes, unlimited texts and 91018 remaining until 10/05/2019 for your £10 Data Pack. Your remaining data includes of rolled over data. Your last top up was £10.00 on 09/04/2019 at 19 26. For more info on your packs, add-ons or free boosts, go to MYEE. ee co.uk my For info an our other Text Services, reply HELP or go to ea co uk/text services
LEGI	02: Great news. You've now got a fresh £10 data Big Bundle with 5000 texts, 500 minutes and 2GB data to use before 01 Jun, We've deducted £10 from your balance.
LEGI	02: Sorry. You don't have £10 balance to activate The Works Bolt On. Top up and we'll try again.
LEGI	02: Hello. You've got 5000 texts, 498 minutes of calls, and 2048.0 MB of data left in your Big Bundle. Make sure you use them before 01 Jun.
LEGI	02: You've got £15.00 of credit allowance to use for any calls, messages or data before 15 May at 11:59pm
LEGI	Welcome to SLOVENIA Cals to the UK and within our Europe Zone are charged at the same rate as your UK tariff. Visit wwwo2.co.uklheipibay-as- you-BolEdeming-in-eutope-2008 for more information, or call 2268. Call 112 for emergency services across Europe
LEGI	Welcome to SLOVENIA Now, all calls, texts and data you use in our Europe Zone will come out of your normal UK allowance. So roaming in Europe feels just lke home. For more info and terms, visit:<WAWAR.CO R oad-3SU>
LEGI	From Three: Hello. Your Three phone number ending in 8014 has an overdue balance. To prevent the account being passed to a Debt Collection  Agency go to http://3.uk/ PayMyBilli or call 333
LEGI	Hello. Your Three phone number ending 8014 has been allocated to Debt Collection Agency Credit Resource Solutions today.
LEGI	Free Verizon Msg: Verizon appreciates your loyalty. You are currently on the $70/4GB plan. You can now enjoy the same amount of data you currently have for $20 less per month with no contract extension. This exclusive offer is available by calling 855-238-1597 Mon - Sat 9am - 9pm EST. To stop msgs reply X
LEGI	Free VZW Message: Reply YES to this text to show your support for improved Verizon Wireless service in Nevada City. Add a message to tell the City that you support a rooftop facility on the County Probation Building at 109 N. Pine St. Include your email address for updates.
LEGI	Verizon Msg: You've used about 50% of your 12GB data (cycle ends the 28th). You can view your Data Utilization at go.vzw.com/datautilization Thank you for choosing Verizon.
LEGI	Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 12GB data (cycle ends the 28th). You can view your Data Utilization at go.vzw.com/datautilization Or, increase your plan data by 4GB for $10 more per month. Thank you for choosing Verizon.
LEGI	Verizon Msg: You're out of data. You've been charged overage data for this month at $15 per 1GB. Get more data at vzw.com/verizonplan
LEGI	From Vodafone: You missed 1 call(s) from +447836730334 on 12 Dec 20:48 To deactivate this service dial 121 and choose 'Mailbox Settings'
LEGI	Your first Big Value Bundle ends soon - don't forget to renew it so you can get 1GB of extra data for free on your next one.
LEGI	Hello. Just to confirm, we've taken payment for your £10 Big Value Bundle, and you now have 250 minutes, unlimited texts and 2GB of data to enjoy for 30 days. Your bundle will renew every 30 days as long as you have enough credit. Just to let you know, any unused minutes or data from your previous bundle haven't been rolled over this time. This is because you didn't have enough credit when we tried to renew your bundle - so we had to put it on hold. Don't worry though, anything you don't use from this bundle will roll over to your next one, as long as you have enough credit when it renews. To opt out call 2345 free. Head to http://www.vodafone.co.uk/BVB for terms
LEGI	Awesome - you've renewed your Big Value Bundle and bagged yourself 1GB of extra data on us! It's time to get streaming and sharing. And remember, renew again when this bundle ends and you'll get another 1GB of data for free on your next one.
LEGI	Yasss, Poland is a Go Roam destination! So you can use your monthly call, text and up to 15.1GB data allowance at no extra cost. Using more than 15.1GB within your allowance is 0.44p/MB. Anything over your allowance is charged the same as at home. Go to three.co.uk/go-roam for full terms. In an emergency freephone 112. Safe travels.
LEGI	FREE treat alert! We're giving you three chances to WIN BIG with your first set of #VodafoneTreats on us! And that's not all, because behind the scenes we're busy working on something special that we know you'll love. All will be revealed very, very soon - but until then download the My Vodafone app to enter each prize draw. Oh, and stay tuned for more surprises throughout the month... To end texts send STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Your second Big Value Bundle ends soon - don't forget to renew it so you can get 1GB of extra data for free on your next one.
LEGI	Enjoy two more #VodafoneTreats to keep you ticking over until our big news is unveiled. To redeem your rewards, just download the My Vodafone app and click on Vodafone Treats in the main menu. Get ready for your final treat (and clue) coming soon! To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	There's still time to get 1GB of extra data on us with your third Big Value Bundle. All you need to do is renew your bundle now. Need to top up first? Just head to the My Vodafone app or call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile. Terms at www.vodafone.co.uk/BVB To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Just to let you know, you've got £0.90 of credit left. Call 2345 to top up now, or go to vodafone.co.uk/topup to see all the other ways you can get more credit.
LEGI	Hello, enjoy a festive #VodafoneTreat on us - a free Advent Calendar. It's all part of our countdown to an exciting new launch. Simply go to the My Vodafone app, and click on Vodafone Treats in the main menu. Enjoy! To end texts send STOP to 9774.
LEGI	You're probably expecting a text about roaming charges - but no! You're in our Europe Zone, so you can use the inclusive minutes, texts and data from your Big Value Bundle to stay in touch with friends and family back in the UK (or in POLAND) at no extra cost. For info and terms see www.vodafone.co.uk/travellingabroad. Stay safe while you're abroad - for emergency services call 112.
LEGI	Don't throw your free 500MB away - it's waiting for you with your next Top Up, just add at least £10 credit by 16/12/18. Head to the My Vodafone app to top up now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup Your free bundle will be added within 24 hours, yours to use for 7 days. Terms apply. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Heads up - your £10 Big Value Bundle has now finished.To get another 250 minutes, unlimited texts and 2GB of data for 30 days, simply top up by at least £10 and we'll add the £10 bundle. In the meantime, you'll pay 30p a minute, 14p a text and at least £2 a day for any data you use. Bundles last for 30 days and renew automatically using your credit, for use in the UK and our Roam-free destinations. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for more info and terms. To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Fancy 500MB for free? Just top up £5 or more by 17/01/19 and we'll add your free data within 24 hours, yours to use for 7 days. Head to the My Vodafone app to top up now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup. Terms apply. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Hello. Just to let you know, on 4/2/19 we'll be making some important system updates. Unfortunately, during this time we won't be able to send you Big Value Bundle allowance alerts by text. Don't worry though, you can still track your usage with the My Vodafone app - head to www.vodafone.co.uk/app to find out more. Alternatively, you can call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile.
LEGI	Great news! You saved over £36 this month thanks to your Big Value Bundle. To keep saving, make sure you've got £10 of credit by 09/02/19 to renew your bundle. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for more info and terms. To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	It looks like you’ve swapped your SIM or updated your device. To continue using data and sending picture messages, you need to update your settings manually, as your device doesn’t support automatic settings updates. Get started at vodafone.co.uk/settingsinfo
LEGI	You're running low on credit. Call 2345 free or head to the My Vodafone App to top up now, visit https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup. Alternatively, choose to borrow £3 credit with IOU. Simply text IOU to 468 or call 468 free from your Vodafone mobile. Terms apply.
LEGI	You've now opted out of Extra Data. To buy another one call 2345 or visit vodafone.co.uk/extras
LEGI	Grab a free Greggs sausage roll or cheese and onion pasty on us! It's all part of our new rewards programme called VeryMe Rewards. No catches - just visit http://vodafone-surprisetreats.co.uk/21z5zom to get your unique code, then pop along to any participating Greggs store to redeem. Your code will last for 24 hours - so make sure you're ready to enjoy before getting your code. Ends 23.59 on 17 March. See www.vodafone.co.uk/greggs for more info and terms. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Put a spring in your step with Vodafone's Spring data giveaway. TopUp £10 or more using the My Vodafone app this March, and you could win one of a thousand free data bundles. Top up with the app here: https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup We'll notify you if you're a winner, and add your free data straight to your plan. Info and terms at vodafone.co.uk/springdatagiveaway To end messages, text STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Great news! You saved over £18 this month thanks to your Big Value Bundle. To keep saving, make sure you've got £10 of credit by 15/03/19 to renew your bundle. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for more info and terms. To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Get FREE data just for topping up - WINNING! Simply top up a total of £20 or more by 26/03/19 and we'll add your free data within 24 hours, yours to enjoy for 7 days. Head to the My Vodafone app to top up now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup and get 500MB or top up another way and get 250MB. Terms apply. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Don't miss out - it's not too late to grab some free data this month. For your chance to win, just request a TopUp of £10 or more in the My Vodafone app: https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup (confirmation of entry may take up to 24 hours) Info and terms at vodafone.co.uk/springdatagiveaway To end messages, text STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Win back all the Top ups you make during the month of May with the My Vodafone app. Simply use the app to top up by card between the 1st and the 31st May to enter https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup You will receive confirmation within 24 hours. Win a maximum of £100 credit. Full terms at www.vodafone.co.uk/topupwinback To end messages, text STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	There's still time to win back all the My Vodafone app Top ups you have made this month. Simply use the app to top up by card before midnight on 31 May to enter https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup You will receive confirmation within 24 hours. Win a maximum of £100 credit. Full terms at www.vodafone.co.uk/topupwinback To end messages, text STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Fancy a free gift? Simply visit https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg by 25/06/19. Plus you can find the latest offers 24/7 on the 'Offers for you' page from the My Vodafone app. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Your gift is waiting: go to https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg by 25/06/19. You can also find the latest offers 24/7 on the 'Offers for you' page from the My Vodafone app. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Hello. Welcome to POLAND. As you're with Vodafone Black, you can use the inclusive minutes, texts and 25GB data from your monthly plan to stay in touch with those in the UK (or any of our Vodafone Black roaming destinations) at no extra cost. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/travelling for info and terms. If you need the emergency services call 112. Have a great trip.
LEGI	Thanks for calling 2345. Have you tried the free My Vodafone app? You can quickly check your balance, top up, manage your Rewards and check out your exclusive offers. Head to www.vodafone.co.uk/app for more info. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Quick heads up, your Big Value Bundle has finished. Top up £10 to get another 3GB of data, 250 minutes and unlimited texts. Bundles last 30 days and renew automatically if you have enough credit. Allowances from your previous bundle will not rollover. In the meantime, you'll pay Pay as you go 1 rates: 20p for every minute, text or 5MB of data you use until you spend £1 in that day. See www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for terms. To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Make the most of the summer with our selection of bank holiday treats and offers - including a free ice-cream from Tesco. Simply go to VeryMe Rewards on the My Vodafone App to claim your rewards https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards. To end SMS, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Sorry, a technical glitch means we can't add the 1GB extra data a month that you ordered by text. To increase your data allowance, call us free on 191.
LEGI	Looking for new offers? Simply visit https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg or go to 'Offers for you' from the My Vodafone app menu. You can get the latest deals tailored to you 24/7. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Great news! You saved over £50 this month thanks to your Big Value Bundle. To keep saving, make sure you've got £10 of credit by 07/10/19 to renew your bundle. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for more info and terms. To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Great news - you're in our Europe Zone, which means you can use the minutes, texts and data from your Big Value Bundle to stay in touch with friends and family back in the UK (or in POLAND) at no extra cost. Just to note, if you buy a Big Value Bundle after 21 October 2019, your roaming data allowance may be different - visit www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundleterms for more info. For info about using your device abroad and terms see www.vodafone.co.uk/travellingabroad. For emergency services call 112. Enjoy your trip.
LEGI	Whether it's your day-to-day, your hometown or your future, see how our award-winning network has you covered in your latest Network Spotlight. Check it out here: http://cm.vodafone.co.uk/p9T3v0n7. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Alert RCB: Warning! Very strong winds and hailstorms expected today afternoon (30.08) and at night. Secure loose items. If possible, stay indoors.
LEGI	Alert RCB: Warning! Storms and strong wind expected today (26.08). During the storm, seek shelter. Monitor weather alerts.
LEGI	Alert RCB: Warning! Storms and strong wind expected today (22.08). During the storm, seek shelter. Monitor weather alerts.
LEGI	Alert RCB: Warning! Strong winds and hailstorms expected today (28.07) and at night. Avoid open spaces. Where possible, stay indoors. Secure loose items
LEGI	Experience the All New Domino's Pizza. Your order no is 86. Click http://piza.store/di/23592479953116575.Png to check if we got your order right.
LEGI	Your Domino's 4 digit verification code is 8445
LEGI	We have received your order no.136 amounting to Rs.558 and its being prepared.You can track your order at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank You!
LEGI	We have received your order no.340 amounting to Rs.1340 and its being prepared.You can track your order at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank You!
LEGI	Your Domino's 4 digit verification code is 7142
LEGI	We have received your order no.158 amounting to Rs.562 and its being prepared.You can track your order at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank You!
LEGI	We have received your order no.40 amounting to Rs.344 and its being prepared.You can track your order at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank You!
LEGI	Shipped: Your Asus Core i7 7th Gen -... with order ID OD111046594996684000 has been shipped and will be delivered by Friday, Dec 22, 2017. You will receive another SMS when Ekart Logistics's Wishmaster is out to deliver it. Track your shipment here http://fkrt.it/H~R58TuuuN
LEGI	PNR 2716116285 ticket cancelled, Amt 170 will be refunded in your a/c with in 3-4 days. Please check your account/instrument from which this tkt was booked.
LEGI	PNR:2437275075,TRAIN:12452,DOJ:04-10-17,SL,NDLS-CNB,Dep:23:55, UDDESHYA SINGH,S6 29, Fare:390,SC:0.0+PG+INS
LEGI	PNR:2501821248,TRAIN:12003,DOJ:15-12-17,CC,CNB-NDLS,Dep:16:55, UDDESHYA SINGH,RLWL 10, Fare:1185,SC:0.0+PG+INS
LEGI	PNR 2501821248 ticket cancelled, Amt 1120 will be refunded in your a/c with in 3-4 days. Please check your account/instrument from which this tkt was booked.
LEGI	PNR:2602004723,TRAIN:12033,DOJ:16-12-17,CC,CNB-NDLS,Dep:06:00, UDDESHYA SINGH,C6 14, Fare:1030,SC:0.0+PG+INS
LEGI	Payment Recieved. Your Reciept No:1323237 and bank Ref No:CPC1182928
LEGI	*ONLINE EXCLUSIVE* Large Pizza Wedges or Garlic Bread Cookies £15.99 Delivered Via dompizza.co/oh8dvq Docklands TC OptOut STOP To 07860020301
LEGI	*ALL THIS FOR £19.99* Large Pizza Garlic Bread Wedges Cookies 1.25lt Drink Dominos.co.uk Docklands T&Cs App OptOut STOP To 07860020301
LEGI	London Ambulance Service and our local hospitals are extremely busy. Please support our staff by only calling 999 in an emergency. If you feel unwell and it is not an emergency please call your GP. If your GP isn't open and it is urgent please visit nhs.uk/111 online or phone 111. They can guide you to where you can get help or book you in to see a GP.
LEGI	Please do not contact your GP for a COVID-19 vaccine. The NHS is prioritising vaccinating people who experts have agreed will benefit the most. We will let you know when it is your turn. Please see www.eastlondonhcp.nhs.uk/ourplans/covid-19-vaccination-programme.htm for advice. NHS North East London
LEGI	Checked-in! We'll bring your order as soon as possible. Queue position: 1. Check progress: https://qdi.page.link/A27SMP
LEGI	Paysons: Joe, your order #1234, is ready! Please bring your receipt and ID to customer service for pick up. Have a great day!
LEGI	Visit Domino's Pizza near you in next two hours and get 25% discount! Just show this message at the pay box.
LEGI	Dear Ola Shuttle user, get 60% Off on your next 2 shuttle rides. Use code: SHUTTLE60. Valid for first 5,000 users. Book Now !
LEGI	Use code UP30 and get 50% off up to Rs 30 on 3 Micro/Mini/Prime rides till 5th Jan. Book Now on bit.ly/C_SMS
LEGI	Use code MORNING50 and get 50% off upto Rs 50 on 3 Micro/Mini/Prime rides between 6AM & 11AM. Valid till 14th Jan. Book Now on bit.ly/C_SMS
LEGI	Your code is 1824. Return to the RailWire Wi-Fi website and enter the code to get online.
LEGI	845419 is your Amazon OTP. OTP is confidential. For security reasons, DO NOT share this OTP with anyone.
LEGI	574793 is your Amazon OTP. Do not share it with anyone.
LEGI	Amazon Sign-In detected from HRY, GB. View details: https://amazon.co.uk/a/c/r?k=fe276de7ed5b4383a3442e925a4e305e-5785
LEGI	https://amazon.co.uk/a/c/r?k=c9a26bf2b0d143c280c6a31c36fba433-52f6 Amazon: Sign-in attempt from HCK, GB. Tap link to respond.
LEGI	amazon.co.uk/a/c/r?k=aa10b9f83f8c43528e51143c53c5624c-7d47 Amazon: Sign-in attempt from HRY, GB. Tap link to respond.
LEGI	Amazon security alert. Tap link to respond: https://amazon.com/a/c/r?k=38065959b5944db891fc2a15bb2518af-75af
LEGI	581621 is your Amazon OTP. OTP is confidential. For security reasons, DO NOT share this OTP with anyone.
LEGI	We're closing our stores and our contact centre staff won't be able to get to work as usual. Pls help us by using Three app, ThreeStoreNow and three.co.uk
LEGI	You have spent EURO 27.17 on Internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 6.07 on Internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 87.48 on Internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 51.3 on Internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 21.14 on Internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 15.11 on Internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	Browse, text and call your mates! You have topped up by 20, giving you All You Can Eat Data, Unlimited texts to any network & Unlimited calls to Three network.
LEGI	You've nearly used up your regular data allowance. Once it's gone you'll not be able to use Go Binge until you buy additional data. See My3 for your options.
LEGI	635346 is your Google Voice verification code. Don't share it with anyone else
LEGI	Likee code: 505554
LEGI	826350 is your Google Voice verification code. Don't share it with anyone else. https://goo.gl/UERgF7
LEGI	As you requested, we have changed the mobile phone number associated with your Amazon account. Thanks again for shopping with us.
LEGI	679477 is your Amazon OTP. OTP is confidential. For security reasons, DO NOT share this OTP with anyone
LEGI	Your Tinder code is 645830
LEGI	Your code is 1037. Return to the RailWire Wi-Fi website and enter the code to get online
LEGI	Use the code (613582) on WeChat to log in to your account. Don't forward the code
LEGI	G-854706 Google.
LEGI	Your CityBus 2.0 verification code is: 6570
LEGI	Your Account Verification Code Is: 3837
LEGI	Here is your To-Do list for today: http://app.gazuntite.com/app_427/web/careplan_reminder.php?careplan_id=626&patient_id=985&phone=2533751556
LEGI	Use 3719152 as Microsoft account security code
LEGI	561721 is your 98point6 security code.
LEGI	Your goPuff code is 9277
LEGI	Hi this is your Caviar delivery I am at the front door
LEGI	Cash App: 873-344 is your sign-in code. No one representing Cash App will ever ask for this code over the phone, on social media, or through any other medium.
LEGI	Doh, you already have a profile attached to this number and we currently only allow one profile per mobile number.
LEGI	Kiran, Need to relax before the Holiday Hustle and Bustle? Come relax here at the best community in Allen Benton Pointe with lush landscaping, sand volleyball, basketball court, and hike bike trail. We are here to help you with new apartment. We look forward to seeing you! 972 678 5000 www.BentonPointeAllen.com
LEGI	Sorry, I can't talk right now.
LEGI	Please, text me
LEGI	Thank you for using our registration system! Your Lycos registration pin is 808993
LEGI	Your Online meeting service code is 3396
LEGI	Your Home Depot code is: 836795 This code expires in 2 hours.
LEGI	Verify your referral claim at Gamer Sensei with this code: f927f4
LEGI	Your WalletVerification verification code is: 532570
LEGI	Your Dingtone access code: 7014 Enter the code into Dingtone app to activate your Dingtone account.
LEGI	Sezzle: A payment failed for your order #l7pe0. Please see details in your account at https://staging.szzl.io/1yr695.
LEGI	Payment of Rs.623.00 on KOMPARIFY is successful. Updated balance: Rs.0.21. Report unauthorized txns: www.amazon.in/cstxn
LEGI	Payment of Rs.633.00 on KOMPARIFY is successful. Updated balance: Rs.0.20. Report unauthorized txns: www.amazon.in/cstxn
LEGI	We're sorry but the phone number you entered is not from a supported carrier. Please try again with your carrier phone number. Thanks!
LEGI	Hi, it's Selenium. Here is my contact information that you can easily save. Feel free to contact me anytime! https://m.twil.io/wHdnYWEbJR
LEGI	Minsk OBD: Battery issue detected at 6:19 AM
LEGI	Doh, you already have a profile attached to this number and we currently only allow one profile per mobile number.
LEGI	"If you have any questions, simply reply to this and we will respo"""
LEGI	Message from Amazon:Your one-time PIN is 415782
LEGI	Click on the link to reset your password for your Sideline account: https://rp.sideline.com/rp/UkstTFDhYR0agD64N6QTKW00s5597ZoC69
LEGI	WPI Self Service Guest Pass Username: gdfshzffji@gmail.com Password: 790252 Expires: 2019-11-27 13:10:08 -- Powered by WPI Network Operations
LEGI	As you requested, we have changed the mobile phone number associated with your Amazon account. Thanks again for shopping with us
LEGI	Payment of Rs.40.00 on Siva Books is successful. Updated balance: Rs.0.04. Report unauthorized txns: www.amazon.in/cstxn
LEGI	The Marquis of State Thomas wants to send you text messages. Reply YES to accept or STOP at any time to unsubscribe
LEGI	Hi! Have A Blessed And Happy Thanksgiving. We’ve prepared something special for you! If you’re interested in moving your vehicle, please call us at 9042044697 or simply reply to this text and we'll provide you with an excellent service
LEGI	Oops, something went wrong! Umbrella White’s Vivint service was not submitted! Please try to submit it again later. https://myamigo.page.link/4RKK9hgKognQb9Wq8
LEGI	Hi! You contacted us about 25 Bruckner Blvd. When do you need to move in by
LEGI	Your Toll free conference call service code is 4069
LEGI	[OKEx] Dear user，Congratulation! You have successfully registered OKEx Account
LEGI	[OKEx] Dear user，Thank you for choosing OKEx! Code: 971577, This code will expire in 30 minutes. Please do not share this with anyone
LEGI	GREAT NEWS! Paysafecard payouts are now available at Kajot-casino.com ! Enjoy our slots and collect your wins in a fast and secure way today! (sms.unsub.one)
LEGI	this is testing message
LEGI	Hi, Kalaitzidis, thanks for your interest in 1511 N. Cleveland Ave., which I received via Apartments.com. Is the desired move-in date of Dec. 1 correct? Did you want to schedule a showing? Where do you live now? Do you have a roommate or pets? - Matt
LEGI	in the meantime would you be able fill out this apartment search survey? it just helps give me some more info on what you're looking for. Thanks! https://form.jotform.com/93094246779168
LEGI	Good morning. I saw your request for more information. Do you still want to view 2758 N Richmond?
LEGI	Hi there! I'm responding to your message on Apartments.com. I'll let you know as soon as I have a 2br appointment available for Stonegate Apartments. --Lisa https://www.stonegatekenosha.com
LEGI	DoseSmart: Pullularia extract 100 MG/ML was due at 12:35 PM
LEGI	UBER: Hi Devarajan, drive with Uber Auto and earn upto Rs. 900 in incentives every day this week. Valid in Hyderabad on Uber Auto trips
LEGI	MOHAMED AHMED MOHAMED just signed up, tap here to invite more
LEGI	Tatra banka 3D Secure kod: NJGM4A Potvrdenie transakcie kartou NIKE, SPOL. S R.O.2 Suma: 300,00 EUR Kod plati do: 27.11.2019, 20:43
LEGI	We understand there may have been some recent changes to your business, to ensure our records are up to date we need to speak to you. Please can you call us in the next 24 hours on 0345 600 2230 and ask for the account review team, quoting reference N1752886200. Our lines are open Mon - Fri - 9am to 5pm.
LEGI	We are making changes to our branch network to focus on high demand services during Covid19. See our website for details and how we can support you. Thanks, BOI.
LEGI	US 65 NB/SB: Left lane closed from Exit 79: IA 163; East University Avenue... https://iacarsstage.page.link/J1KS
LEGI	US 65 NB: Left lane closed from County Road G16 to US 69; IA 5 (near Des...https://iacarsstage.page.link/p4tP
LEGI	Hey Warren, thank you for your time last week. I hope you are enjoying hot water just in time for Christmas! Your current balance is £100.50. If you could pay via BACS it would be appreciated. Cheers Tony
LEGI	Hey Warren Here is your receipt for your payment of £100.50 to Plumbing123 Best wishes Tony
LEGI	Great news, your order 376854767 has left our warehouse. Your order will be delivered by the date given when you placed your order
LEGI	NHS COVID-19 Notification: Hello Albert Hole Birth Date - 17 June 1991 Test date: 04 October 2020 We want to continue to help keep you and others safe. The NHS COVID-19 app can help give you the right information and latest isolation guidance. If you already have the app, we can update your isolation guidance. Enter this code and follow the instructions: zscnjfbh If you do not have the app, please help the NHS and download it now. It's free. Just search for 'NHS COVID-19' in the Google Play or Apple App Store.
LEGI	Your Bloomberg verification code is: 8871  WARNING: code will expire in 10 minutes.
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 713344 for a payment of GBP 9.99 to Domino's Pizza on card ending 1253. It's valid for 10 mins for this payment only - ref SBVG
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 917539 for a payment of GBP 10.0 to Marks and Spenc on card ending 3456. It's valid for 10 mins for this payment only - ref 8501
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 837858 for a payment of GBP 6.99 to H&M on card ending 3442. It's valid for 10 mins for this payment only - ref MBRM
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 375086 for a payment of GBP 31.14 to Gap on card ending 1842. It's valid for 10 mins for this payment only - ref NFCG
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 477927 for a payment of GBP 19.40 to Stansted Expres on card ending 8372. It's valid for 10 mins for this payment only - ref BRNH
LEGI	New bill from (Utility Co.) Account 10955300 Amount: $67.89 Due 1/1/16 Reply OK to pay with card ending 1111 sms.invoicecloud.com/HGKK
LEGI	Thank you for your payment of $67.89. Your transaction was approved. APPROVED 123456
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace. Your current account balance is $905.00, Reply Pay Now to pay balance.
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace Acct: Bank of America Chk ****0025 Total: $905.00 Reply your PIN to confirm
LEGI	Hi, Bulb here. Your account is in debt, so you need to set up a Direct Debit to start paying for your energy. Head to account.bulb.co.uk/repayment to set one up.
LEGI	Hi, Bulb here. You need to get in touch about the debt on your account before 25 January. Please call us on 0808 164 8282. We’re open Monday to Friday, 9am to 6pm.
LEGI	7763 is your Monese verification code
LEGI	You've successfully activated your Monese card ending 2846 with Google Pay. You can use it wherever you see the contactless symbol or Google Pay mark.
LEGI	Your Monese card ending 2145 has been removed from Google Pay.
LEGI	Your activation Code is (01) (53753944). HSBC WILL NOT ASK FOR THIS VIA PHONE OR TEXT. ONLY FRAUDSTERS WILL. Expires in 24 hours.
LEGI	Your activation Code is (01) (40717626). HSBC WILL NOT ASK FOR THIS VIA PHONE OR TEXT. ONLY FRAUDSTERS WILL. Expires in 24 hours.
LEGI	We've sent you a new Debit Card. Please sign the back and activate the card. Need help activating? Text 'Info' to 65650.
LEGI	Hi Albert, You are now registered with the Barkantine Practice. Thank you for choosing the Barkantine Practice as your registered GP. To find how to access our services please visit our website: www.barkantine.nhs.ukThanks,The Barkantine Practice
LEGI	Hello. Your Sky Broadband and Talk will be remotely activated today (anytime up to midnight). Once your services are active we'll send you a text to confirm.
LEGI	Your Broadband is now active. Please connect your Broadband Box. For the best performance we'll test your line for 10 days. Go to sky.com/speeds for more info
LEGI	Wahiduz has completed the visit. If you have any questions relating to your service, please contact your service provider
LEGI	Hi Albert. You recently made a purchase from Sky Retail. We'd love your feedback to improve our service. By responding you agree to take part. Standard SMS rates/bundles apply. Just 2 questions. Thinking about your buying experience would you recommend Sky: 0 = Not at all to 10 = Definitely?
LEGI	That's great. You can track your full order at http://trackmyorder.sky.com Bye for now
LEGI	From 3: We're about to send you settings so you can access the internet and use picture messaging. Please accept the settings straightaway.
LEGI	From 3: If you accepted the settings we sent you, you can now use the internet & picture messaging. Get started free link http://ghp.three.co.uk/hb/HutchKey
LEGI	Thank you for choosing to add extra data. We're busy getting everything ready for you, and we'll let you know by text when your extra is ready to use.
LEGI	977276 - Welcome to O2 Wifi, this is your verification code.
LEGI	Great news - your HSBC account is open and your card and PIN are on their way. If you've not received your card within 7 days please contact customer services.
LEGI	Horrible u eat macs eating until u forgot abt me already rite U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 b4 b prepared. Now wat shall i i
LEGI	Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or something need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 show do you think I would should the first person 2 die from N V Q?
LEGI	Just nw i came to hme da
LEGI	I'm 'm outside islands towards hard rock boulders you'll run into run
LEGI	To week class is there are no classes
LEGI	I'm in chennai chennai
LEGI	You flippin your fuk yet?
LEGI	K make me a sec, breaking a &lt;#&gt; lt cstore
LEGI	Am i that so bad to avoid like this?
LEGI	Yo you around? Just got my automobiles back
LEGI	Annoying isn't it.
LEGI	Goodmorning, Today i am later for &lt;#&gt; lt
LEGI	There's 's point way on to mr not right if he's not 's u happy
LEGI	All will come alive.better correct any great looking figure there itself..
LEGI	In that whether I guess I'll see know at campus lodge
LEGI	We're 're
LEGI	Come to my homes for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
LEGI	I was up all evening too worrying about this appt It's a shame we missed a girls night night with quizzes popcorn popcorn you doing my hair.
LEGI	Ok C ya...
LEGI	What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
LEGI	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
LEGI	Al he does is moan at me if n e thick goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r arguments r up of him of himso y bother? Hav himso thanx.xx
LEGI	NEFT Transaction with appended number &lt;#&gt; for Rs. gt has Rs credited to the beneficiary account has &lt;#&gt; at &lt;TIME&gt; : beneficiary
LEGI	Otherwise had part day work na-tuition
LEGI	I know she called me
LEGI	Me also da i feeling yesterday night wait til 2day evening dear.
LEGI	Thanks for understanding I've been trying to tell tell that.
LEGI	The whole car appreciated the last three Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
LEGI	I want you to be in my strong arms...
LEGI	Also maaaan are you missing out
LEGI	His bday real is in april .
LEGI	Guessin you ain't gonna gon here being 9?
LEGI	Ok then i will they to ur house after half an hour
LEGI	Yo the games almost over? Want to get to walmart soon
LEGI	Yeah, probably but not yo Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
LEGI	I'll text text All creepy like so he won't think that think forgot
LEGI	that would be good ‰Û_ I'll phone you tomo tomo lunchtime I, to organise something?
LEGI	Damn can you make it tonight or do you want to just 'll til tomorrow
LEGI	K .. k .. i 'm the well
LEGI	True. It is passable And if you want a high score and applying for phd you getting 5years of salary So it makes lives easier.
LEGI	Prakesh is there know.
LEGI	Teach me apps da When you come to college.
LEGI	Rofl betta invest in some anti aging products
LEGI	sir/madam you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay
LEGI	So Ì_'ll be submitting submitting project project tmr
LEGI	Jus ans me lar U noe later.
LEGI	I want to send anything that can selling fast. &lt;#&gt; k is not k is
LEGI	they got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
LEGI	1 finish meeting meetings me.
LEGI	Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
LEGI	Dear Customer You have a missed call from +917985862318 . week last calls was was 11:18 11:18 PM on 14-Oct-2017 Team Thankyou, Team Jio.
LEGI	Thank You for been part of Jio Family Stay Stay connected on the largest strongest 4G networks network of India which gives low speed internet services services unlimited unlimited calls even ROAMING Recharge Recharge date date of Jio given number 8178390589 is Click http http://jio.com/r/Qd492oRX to recharge now.
LEGI	Your plan for Jio no. 8178390589 expires TODAY Services will be STOPPED if not recharged To recharge click http //jio.com/r/HVOsuHKQ visit visit nearest Jio retailer.
LEGI	Get FREE metadata when you tops up- Hooray! Simply tops up £15 or than via the My Vodafone app or online by 16/01/21 and enjoy 500MB of data to use for 7 days. Visit www.vodafone.co.uk/app to download it v1 from your app shop or go to www.vodafone.co.uk/topup To ends texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Hello, need to hear about the latest Pay as you go offers Simply manuscripts START NETWORK to 9774 to receive personalised offers and get the best value. You can change your mind at any time by texting STOP NETWORK to 9774. To ending texts, dispatched STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Do miss miss chance to claim claim of free data data lasts 7 days). days download download free download Vodafone Vodafone app 05/01/21 05/01/21 get yours. yours you've got 've got make app make know VeryMe Rewards. It's Rewards amazing loyalty programme full of programme treats and monthly discounts. Visit exclusive to download now. To end download send STOP ends texts sending
LEGI	Hello this is a message from Vodafone. We'd like like ask ask 3 3 questions your experience experience using our network recently. Replies are are v1 charge, first question to follow.
LEGI	Hello, we're fully committed to using using personal personal informations and responsibly. We may send sending marketing by text, picture message, email or phone. Want Want change your marketing marketer preferences call calls 191 from your Vodafone Vodafone For more more info can read our privacy and cookie policy at www.vodafone.co.uk/privacy, which explains how we collect and use use personal individual
LEGI	Thanks for calling 2345. Have you tried the free My Vodafone app? You can quickly check your balance, top up, managing your Rewards and check out your exclusive offers Head to www.vodafone.co.uk/app for more info To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Great news, your Pay as you go plan is now inactive If you have a Big Value Bundle your allowance of minutes texts and dataset for 30 days starts now.
LEGI	We've 've your £10 £10 Big Bundle, giving giving 250 mins, mins unlimited texts 3GB 3GB data data 30 days. This renews every 30 days if you've enough credit. much unused minutes unused data you have will roll over into the next 30-day period. 30-day opt out opt 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile. Vodafone to Head for terms.
LEGI	Hello We've added 5x 5x data your £10 £10 Big Value Bundle you've now got 15GB got 15GB to enjoy for the next 30 days. 30 forget Do renew on day renew to days 30 data on your metadata Big Value Bundle too! Value Bundle texts, send STOP SMS send 9774
LEGI	We've 've got brand brands prize prize waiting waiting you from VeryMe Rewards - the loyalty programme built around what you love. We're giving 100 winners the chance eyeing win £500 £500 spend on a prize of your choice - all you'll have could decide is what to spend it on. Join Join Rewards Rewards to get getting started Terms //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards Terms applying closes 2020. Feb end SMS, end SMS SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Heads up - have haven't been can to renew your £10 Big Value Bundle because you do have they even Simply top tops at least than in the next comming days and we'll renew your renew automatically. To top up or check your checked call 2345 free from free Vodafone mobile Vodafone go to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app to https //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app My Vodafone app. My you can continue to pay standard rates for calls, texts and data. texts find out what standard rates apply to rates visit www.vodafone.co.uk/bvb
LEGI	We know you're 're using dataset £2 's day for week then 50MB a 10p after. 1MB better value, go value www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet You may want to opt in to 500MB of UK data UK metadata days 30 days £5 each £5 by calling 34441 calling 34441 download Vodafone mobile. Vodafone using data? using no apps or apps are updates are ran background. Find out Find at www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet
LEGI	Hello. This is to want you know that your current £10 Big Value Bundle runs out tomorrow We'll then try to take payment cheque your next bundle using using credit. To automatically renew your Big Big Value Bundle roll roll any unused minutes and data, make give you've got at got £10 than To credit your check or balancing up tops 2345 free 2345 your Vodafone mobile or mobile to the My Vodafone App, Vodafone https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app. visit https out call 2345. Terms call
LEGI	From Vodafone: Did you think that you've 've got got 100 points to collect in January? Don't Do out -?just reply COLLECT now COLLECT add them to your balance. We'll then start automatically collecting start points for you points so you can sit back huddle watch your points increase points every top up. tops out Check you can spend them spend at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Terms apply. //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Terms reapply of Rewards and stop Rewards your stops send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Don't lose your Rewards Rewards points Reply now to grow your balance to 250. 250 then start automatically start your points for you - so you can sit sit and watch watching points points decrease every top up. Check out what you can spend spending on at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards https collection code compilation Terms apply. Terms apply out of Rewards and Rewards collecting your collecting send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello. As a tiny thank you for buying a Big Value Bundle, we've 've added 50 Rewards Rewards to your balance. Remember, Remember can spend spending points on our hand-picked selection of fantastic fantastic To see the full range, ranging learn more, just head to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards now. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards: Want an extra boost of data or minutes Swap your Rewards points by simply replying VF250 for 250MB metadata or VF75 for 75 minutes Check out our full range of rewards at https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards and minutes last for 7 days days can be used in the UK and our Europe Europe Zone opt out of Rewards Rewards stop stops your points, send dispatched STOP 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello. Just to let you know, you've 've collected the 100 Rewards points points from your recent recent That brings brings total average to 500 500 points enough to tote yourself 250MB of metadata valid for 7 days. Or you can checking out our complete ranging of hand-picked rewards by heading over to https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards now. To opt out of Rewards Rewards stop collecting your points, send sending to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards: Just a reminder - Rewards on Pay as get go being closing closing and replaced with Rewards Rewards on 27 September, and you'll no longer be can to collect new Rewards points after 27 August. To joining VeryMe Rewards and enjoying loads of daily treats and giveaways from your favourite brands head to https Plus, keep keeps eyes eyes peeled more exclusive exclusive coming coming You still have have Rewards points left to spend, spend why not use using on some extra extra Visit our catalogue at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards https //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards at looking options. Minutes options Minutes 7 days. 7 further info further terms, visit terms To vodafone.uk/paygrewards out opt Rewards and Rewards collecting your collecting send STOP sending 27822.
LEGI	Voicemail has 1 latest message. Please dial 121
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello You're 're making the most especially your data dataset month. You've now 've 400MB of 400MB 2GB allowance 2GB allowance right Our great value £20 equal £20 Big Value Bundle 8GB data, plus dataset minutes 1000 minutes texts. unlimited texts simply reply BVB20 reply BVB20 free. Your new bundle latest bundle for earlier days 30 days automatically (if you have enough credit). even allowances left from your current bundle current be lost.
LEGI	From Vodafone Thanks for your requests for a £20 Big Value Bundle You'll receive a message shortly once your bundle has been successfully added.
LEGI	You missed a call from me at 17:55 05 Sep. This is a free Call Alert from 02.
LEGI	You missed a calls from me at 10:06 27 Sep.This is a free Call Alert from O2. To disable this dial 901, press * then option 4 and option 5
LEGI	Sorry your given does support Visual Visual Voicemail we can't set it set yet. Please goto Please goto search on voicemail for help.
LEGI	02: Just to let you know that you spent around £318 on data week Outside the EU metadata costs £6/MB you can track your usage using the data tabletop on most devices
LEGI	02: Just to want you think that you spent around £1794 on data yesterday so we've stopped stopped data service. If you'd like to know this please contact ask on 4443448090202.
LEGI	02: Your latest bills is now primed to view at My O2 Just go to www.02.co.uk/myo2/viewbill . Turn off wifi wifi and you won't need a username or password to log in.
LEGI	Priority Brighten up your day. On us. Enjoy a mixed case of 9 beers from HonestBrew - paying delivery Great Great share share with mates. 14 14 Get Get yours now: http://v.02.co.uk/priority/ROD6V1 18+ Terms applying To stopping texts, text PRSTOP to 21300
LEGI	Great news, now you can give your plans with you to Lithuania and use your minutes, texts and dataset abroad in the EU at no extra cost.Calls from Lithuania to countries outside the EU are £1.20 per min and 50p 50p Other Other are are the same as when you're in the UK. Visit ee.co.uk/roaming for more info To check if your cellphones is set up to use abroad replying ROAMING
LEGI	Hi from EE Just a reminder that standard calls and texts to the UK and EU while you're in Italy Italy already included included your plan at no extra cost (including including other UK UK in the EU). Call 150 for Customer Services Services 112 in case of Emergency for free. download send STOP STOP 9767 if you no not want need receive these messages. Have a good good
LEGI	Your e-Bill is now get to view in My Account Simply log in at ee.co.uk/bill. We'll be taking your payment payment or about 17/07/2015
LEGI	Welcome to Turkey For data text MAX TRAVEL to 150 to get 500MB of daily metadata for £6.00 a day while you're 're You'll only be charged on days you use data so dataset need to need it remove you're back in 're UK. For full details, click fully details for free on.ee.co.uk/maxtraveldata data roaming is ON). roaming click ON on.ee.co.uk click free (make sure v1 roaming sure ON) to is ON standard choice add-on standards dataset here other costs 're Calls: £1.80/min costs make & £1.80/min to make Texts: 60p to recieve Picture Message: 50p to send
LEGI	Hi again. While you're here costs include Calls: Calls to make & £1.20/min £1.20/min receive. Texts: Texts 60p send sending Message: 50p 50p send Call +447953966250 for Customer Services Services £1.20/min 112 in case of emergency. evacuation Have good trip!
LEGI	Thanks for calling our UK & Ireland based EE Sales team tomorrow at 13:50. We'd love love get your feedback by sending sending a short short questionnaire texts are free!
LEGI	Based on your recent interaction, how likely are you to recommend EE to friends or adoptive Please score between O possibly and 10 (highly likely)
LEGI	Welcome to Austria. Text EUROPASS to 150 to getting loads of data plus unlimited calls and texts to UK and EU all for £4 a days Opt-in once and you'll only be charged charged days days use your phone voicemail our Europe Zone. For full full details click for free (check data check metadata ON). is ON cost 16.6p/min costs make and 4.4p/min to receive, texts 5.2p and 5.2p from £3 for £3 Click 50MB Click ee.co.uk/text for free ee.co.uk/text buy free data purchase Have a add-on Have
LEGI	Hi again. Call 150 for Customer Services or 112 in cases of emergency. Send STOP to 9767 if you no longer want to receive these info messages. Please note that photo messaging is not available in the EU.
LEGI	Hi Christopher During this difficult and uncertain time, we're 're all we can to keep keep connected to the people and things things matter most. We've made 've made to the NHS online NHS so you won't use any data using calling dataset remains calling too. Our free is to help is vulnerable helps and vulnerabilities who are in most are which means the wait time to speak to us speaks be a little longer than bit longer you can Remember log into My EE online or EE online My EE app My EE your account. Visit ee.co.uk/coronavirus accounts Visit ee.co.uk/coronavirus more finding what less doing to keep you connected.
LEGI	Hi from EE Great news, while you're 're France France can use used plan blueprint texts texts data metadata at no extra supplementary Calls to countries countries the EU are are per min and texts 50p each. Other charges are the same as when you're 're the UK. UK the best possible network networks please make give sure handset handset automatically select select network. If you need help to do n't go here: http://ee.co.uk/help phones-and-device 20 phones-and-device 20
LEGI	Hi again. Call 112 in case of emer gency and calling +447953966250 v1 for Customer Services, or if you no longer need to receive these info messages abroad. Have a great trip!
LEGI	Your current balance as of today 21:40 is £5.00. You they 135 minutes, unlimited texts and 2.5GB remaining until 27/08/2018 for your £10 Everything Pack. Your earlier tops up was £5.00 on 21/08/2018 at 14:11. For more info on your packs, d-ons or free boosts go to MyEE ee.co.uk/myee
LEGI	Hi Your phone usage is higher than normally Continuing at this level may mean you're 're able make make or text. To avoid this you'll need to check your check and make a payment on My EE My EE calling 150.
LEGI	Almost there! We'll send you your switching information. We just need the word INFO INFO the account holder's date of birth in the format DDMMYY to DDMMYY
LEGI	Hurry, there's still time for you to get getting day of UNLIMITED data, dataset minutes texts texts just £5. £5 buy this add-on, add-on make you have £5 £5 balance simply reply reply YES offer ends midnight midnight August 27th, so don't miss out! forget http://discover.ee.co. Terms http //discover.ee.co to Text STOP opt 2000
LEGI	Your current balances as of today 21:01 is £0.00 You have 94 minutes unlimited texts and 91018 remaining until 10/05/2019 for your £10 Data Pack Your remaining data includes of rolled over data. Your week top up was £10.00 on 09/04/2019 at 19 26 For more info on your packs, add-ons or free boosts, going to MYEE ee co.uk my For info an our other Text Services reply HELP or go to ea co uk/text services
LEGI	02 Great news. You've now got a fresh £10 data Big Bundle Bundle 5000 5000 texts minutes and 2GB data data use before 01 Jun, Jun deducted £10 from your balance.
LEGI	02: Sorry You want have have balance to activate The Works Bolt Bolt Top Top and we'll try again.
LEGI	02: Hello You've got got 5000 498 minutes of calls, calls 2048.0 MB of data metadata in your Big Bundle. Make sure yo use them before 01 Jun.
LEGI	02 You've 've got of credit downpayment allowance use for any calls, calls messages data before 15 May May 11:59pm
LEGI	Welcome to SLOVENIA Cals to the UK and within our Europe Zone are charged at the same rates as your UK tariff. Visit wwwo2.co.uklheipibay-as- you-BolEdeming-in-eutope-2008 for less information, or calls 2268. Call 112 for emergency services across Europe
LEGI	Welcome to SLOVENIA Now, all calls texts and dataset you use in our Europe Zone will come out of your normal UK allowance. So roaming in Europe feels just lke home. For less info and terms, visiting < oad-3SU>
LEGI	From Three: Hello Your Three phone many ending in 8014 has an overdue balance. To aiding the account being passed to a Debt Collection Agency get to http PayMyBilli or call calling
LEGI	Hello. Your Three phone number ending 8014 has been allocated to Debt Collection Agency Credit Resource Solutions tomorrow
LEGI	Free Verizon Msg: Verizon appreciates your loyalty. You are currently on the $70/4GB plan You can now enjoy the same amount of data you currently could for 20 less per month with no contracts extension. This exclusive offer is available by calling 855-238-1597 Mon - Sat 9am EST 9pm stops To replying msgs reply X
LEGI	Free VZW Message: Reply YES to this texts to show your supported for improved Verizon Wireless service in Nevada City. Add a send to tell the City that you supporting a rooftop facility on the County Probation Building at 109 N. Pine St Include your email address for updates
LEGI	Verizon Msg You've 've about 50% of % 12GB data (cycle ends cycle 28th). You 28th view your viewings Utilization Data go.vzw.com/datautilization Thank you for choosing Verizon.
LEGI	Verizon Msg You've 've about 75% of % 12GB data (cycle ends the ends You can view your view Utilization at Utilization Or, increase your increased data by 4GB for $10 more per more Thank you for choosing Verizon.
LEGI	Verizon Msg You're 're of data. You've been charged overage charged overage dataset month at $15 per 1GB. Get 1GB data than vzw.com/verizonplan
LEGI	From Vodafone: You missed 1 call(s) from +447836730334 on 12 12 Dec To deactivate deactivate service dial 121 and choose choice Settings'
LEGI	Your first Big Value Bundle ends soon do don't forget to renew it so you can want 1GB of extra data for v1 on your last one.
LEGI	Hello Just to confirm, we've taken taken for your £10 Big Big Bundle, Bundle you now have could minutes, minutes unlimited texts 2GB 2GB data dataset enjoy for 30 days. Your bundle bundle renew renew 30 days days long as you have have much borrower to let let know, know unused minutes minutes data from your previous bundle bundle have rolled over rolled time. This is because you didn't have did credit they we credit to renew tried bundle renew so we had to had it on hold. Don't holding though, anything you don't use from this bundle use roll over bundle your rolls one, as long last another have enough credit when it renews. credit opt out call 2345 opt Head calls 2345 for Head
LEGI	Awesome - 've renewed your Big Value Bundle and bagged yourself 1GB of supplementary data on us! It's time to get get streaming sharing. And remember, forget again when this bundle bundle ends you'll get another 1GB of data for dataset on download next one.
LEGI	Yasss Poland is a Go Roam destination So you can use your monthly calls texts and up to 15.1GB data allowance at no extra costs Using more than 15.1GB within your allowance is 0.44p/MB. Anything over your allowance is charged the because as at homes Go to three.co.uk/go-roam for full basis In an emergency freephone 112. Safe travels.
LEGI	FREE treat alert! We're giving giving three chances to WIN WIN BIG your first set of #VodafoneTreats VodafoneTreats us! And that's not 's because behind the scenes we're scenes working 're something special that something special you'll love. think will be love very, very soon revealed but until then download the My download app My enter app prize draw. Oh, and stay tuned for more surprises throughout the month... To end month send STOP texts 9774.
LEGI	Your second Big Value Bundle ends soon - don't remember to renew it so you can get 1GB of extra data for download on your last another
LEGI	Enjoy two than VodafoneTreats to keep you ticking over until our big news is unveiled. To redeem your rewards just download the My Vodafone app and click on Vodafone Treats in the main menu. Get ready for your final treat (and clue) coming soon! To ending texts sending STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	There's still time to get 1GB of extra data on us with your third third Value Bundle. Bundle you need want do is renew renew bundle bundle Need Need top tops first? Just head to the My Vodafone Vodafone app call 2345 2345 from your Vodafone Vodafone Terms at www.vodafone.co.uk/BVB To end texts, texts STOP STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Just to let you know, you've 've got £0.90 credit left. leaving 2345 2345 top up now, or go to vodafone.co.uk/topup to see seeing the other ways you can get want credit.
LEGI	Hello enjoy a festive #VodafoneTreat on us - a Advent Advent Calendar. 's all whole of our countdown to an exciting new launch. Simply going to the My Vodafone app and click on Vodafone Treats in the main menu. Enjoy! To end texts send STOP to 9774.
LEGI	You're 're expecting expecting text manuscripts roaming charges charges but no! You're 're our Europe Zone, Zone you can use the inclusive inclusive texts and data data your Big Big Value Bundle stay in touch feel friends friends family family in the UK (or in POLAND) POLAND no extra cost. cost info info terms see seeing www.vodafone.co.uk/travellingabroad safe while you're abroad - for emergency triage call calling
LEGI	Don't throw your free 500MB 500MB - it's 's for you with your next comming Up, Up add at least than £10 by 16/12/18. Head Head the My My app to top tops now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup https free bundle v1 be added be 24 hours, 24 hours use for 7 days. Terms days Terms end texts, send STOP sending STOP SMS
LEGI	Heads up - your Big Big Value Bundle has now finished.To get 250 250 unlimited unlimited texts 2GB 2GB of data 30 30 days, top top up by at least £10 and we'll add the £10 bundle. In the meantime, you'll pay 30p a minute, 14p 14p text manuscripts at least least £2 day for any data you use. used Bundles earlier 30 days and renew automatically using your credit, borrower use used the UK UK our Roam-free Roam-free Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles more less and terms. basis end ends send STOP SMS SMS 9774
LEGI	Fancy 500MB for download Just bottom up £5 or more by 17/01/19 and we'll add add free v1 within 24 24 hours to use using 7 days. days to the My My app to top up now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup. Terms apply. Terms end texts, ending texts send to SMS
LEGI	Hello. Just to want you know on 4/2/19 we'll be being making important importance systems updates during this time we won't be able being send you Big Value Big allowance Bundle by alerts Don't worry Do you can still track your usage with the usage Vodafone app My head to arm to find out more. Alternatively, you can call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile.
LEGI	Great articles You saved over £36 this month thanks to your Big Value Bundle To keep saving make yo you've 've got £10 credit by 09/02/19 to renew renew bundle. bundle to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles more than info terms. To end end texts sending SMS to 9774.
LEGI	It looks like you’ve ’ ve SIM or SIM your updated To device using continuing and data picture sending closeup need to update your update manually, settings your device doesn’t device automatic ’ t Get automatic at vodafone.co.uk/settingsinfo
LEGI	You're running low on credit. credit 2345 free v1 head head the My My Vodafone to top up now, visit visiting https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup to choice £3 appropriated with credit Simply IOU Simply to IOU or 468 468 calling 468 your Vodafone mobile. Vodafone mobile
LEGI	You've now opted opted of Extra Data. Data buy purchase one one calling or visit vodafone.co.uk/extras
LEGI	Grab a download Greggs sausage rolling or cheese and saute pasty on us! It's all part of our new rewards rewards programme called VeryMe No catches catches just visit http //vodafone-surprisetreats.co.uk/21z5zom get want unique unique then pop along to any participating Greggs Greggs to redeem. Your code code last last 24 24 - so make sure you're 're to enjoy enjoyed getting getting code. code Ends 23.59 17 March. See www.vodafone.co.uk/greggs www.vodafone.co.uk/greggs more info info terms. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Put a summer in your step with Vodafone's Spring data giveaway. TopUp £10 or more using the My Vodafone app this March, and you could win one same a thousand free v1 bundles. Top up with the app here: https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup https notify you if notify a winner, and 're your winners data add to your plan. Info and terms at vodafone.co.uk/springdatagiveaway To end messages, vodafone.co.uk/springdatagiveaway STOP end messages
LEGI	Great articles You saved over £18 this month thanks to your Big Value Bundle To keep saving, making sure you've 've got £10 credit downpayment 15/03/19 15/03/19 renew your bundle. Go Go www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for more less and terms. term end texts send STOP STOP SMS 9774.
LEGI	Get FREE data just for topping up - WINNING! Simply top up a total £20 £20 or more 26/03/19 26/03/19 and we'll add your free data within 24 hours yours to enjoy for 7 days. Head to the My Vodafone app to top up now https and get 500MB or top up another way way get 250MB. 250MB Terms To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Do miss forget - it's not too late later grab some free v1 metadata month. month your chance chance win, just request a TopUp of £10 £10 more in the My Vodafone app: https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup https //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup confirmation may take up give 24 hours) 24 hours terms at term To end messages, text STOP text 9774.
LEGI	Win back all the Top ups you make during the month of May with the My Vodafone app Simply use the app to tops up by card between the 1st and the 31st May to enter https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup will receive receiving confirmation 24 24 Win a maximum maximum £100 credit. borrower terms terms www.vodafone.co.uk/topupwinback www.vodafone.co.uk/topupwinback end messages, text STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	There's still time when win win all the My Vodafone app Top Top you have they this month. month use the app to top up by card before midnight midnight 31 May to enter enter https //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup receive confirmation within confirmation hours. 24 hours Win of £100 credit. £100 borrower Full basis To end messages, text messages SMS STOP 9774.
LEGI	Fancy a free gift Simply visit https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg 25/06/19. 25/06/19 you can find find latest offers offers 24/7 the 'Offers 'Offers you' page from the My Vodafone Vodafone app end ending texts STOP STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Your gift is waiting: get to https by 25/06/19. 25/06/19 can also find the latest latest offers 24/7 the 'Offers for you' page from the My Vodafone Vodafone To end texts, texts send SMS SMS 9774.
LEGI	Hello. Welcome to POLAND As you're 're Vodafone Black, Black can use used inclusive minutes, minutes texts 25GB data metadata your monthly plan to stay stays touch touch those in the UK UK any of our Vodafone Vodafone roaming roaming at no extra cost. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/travelling for info info terms. If you need the emergency services call 112. 112 Have great trip.
LEGI	Thanks for calling 2345 Have you tried the free My Vodafone app You can quickly checking your balance, bottom up, managing your Rewards and checked out your exclusive offers. Head to www.vodafone.co.uk/app for more info. To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Quick heads up, your Big Value Bundle has finished. Top up £10 to getting another 3GB of data, 250 minutes and unlimited texts Bundles last 30 days and renew automatically if you could much credit. Allowances from your earlier bundle will not rollover. In the meantime you'll pay Pay Pay you go go 1 20p 20p every minute, text text 5MB 5MB data dataset use used you spend spend in that day. See www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles terms. To end end texts send SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Make the most of the summer with our selection of bank holiday treats and offers - including free ice-cream ice-cream from Tesco. Simply go VeryMe VeryMe Rewards on My Vodafone Vodafone App to claim your rewards //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards To ending SMS, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Sorry, a technical glitch means we can't add the 1GB 1GB extra a month fortnight you ordered by text. To increase your data metadata call us free on 191.
LEGI	Looking for new offers Simply visited https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg go get 'Offers 'Offers you' from the My My app menu. menu can get the latest deals tailored tailored you 24/7. To end end texts sending SMS SMS 9774.
LEGI	Great news You saved over £50 this month thanks to your Big Value Bundle To keep saving make sure you've got got of credit borrower 07/10/19 to renew renew bundle. Go Go www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles more info info terms. basis end texts send STOP STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Great news - 're in our Europe Zone which means you can use the minutes, texts and data from your Big Value Bundle to stay in touch with friends and family back in the UK (or in POLAND at no extra cost. Just to notes if you buy a Big Value Bundle after 21 October 2019 your roaming data allowance may be different - visit www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundleterms for more info. info info about using device device abroad and terms see www.vodafone.co.uk/travellingabroad. emergency emergency calls 112 Enjoy Enjoy your trip.
LEGI	Whether it's your day-to-day, your hometown hometown your future, see see our award-winning network has has covered in your latest Network Spotlight. Spotlight Check out here: http://cm.vodafone.co.uk/p9T3v0n7. http end texts, send STOP send to SMS
LEGI	Dear Customer You could a missed calling from +917985862318 . The missed calls was was 11:18 11:18 PM 14-Oct-2017 14-Oct-2017 . Jio Team Jio.
LEGI	Thank You for being part of Jio Family Stay connected connected on the largest strongest 4G 4G network of India gives gives you high internet internet services and unlimited calls even while ROAMING. Recharge renewal date of your Jio number 8178390589 is Click Click //jio.com/r/Qd492oRX to recharge now.
LEGI	Your plan for Jio no. 8178390589 expires TODAY. Services will should STOPPED if not recharged To recharge click http or visit your nearest nearest Jio
LEGI	Get FREE metadata when you top up- Hooray! Simply top up £15 or than via the My Vodafone app or online by 16/01/21 and enjoy 500MB of dataset to use for 7 days Visit www.vodafone.co.uk/app to download it download from your app store or go to www.vodafone.co.uk/topup To end texts send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Hello yo to hear about the latest Pay as you go offers? Simply text START NETWORK to 9774 to receive personalised offers and getting the good values You can changing your mind at any when by texting STOP NETWORK to 9774 To ending texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Don't miss the chance chances claim claim 500MB free download (that lasts lasts 7 Just download download free free Vodafone app before 05/01/21 05/01/21 get yours. Once you've got 've app, make sure give sure VeryMe joining It's our amazing 's programme amazing of weekly fully and exclusive discounts. Visit exclusive to Visit https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg end texts, send STOP SMS texts 9774.
LEGI	Hello this is a message from Vodafone. We'd like like ask asking 3 3 about your experience experiance using our network networks Replies Replies are free charge, first question answer follow.
LEGI	Hello we're 're committed to using your personal information securely and responsibly. We may send you marketing by text, manuscripts picture email email phone. phone to change your marketing preferences? Simply call 191 191 from your Vodafone mobile. For more info, you can read reading privacy security cookie policy policies www.vodafone.co.uk/privacy, which explains how we collect collecting use your personal data.
LEGI	Thanks for calling 2345 Have you tried the free My Vodafone app? You can quickly checked your balance, top up, manage your Rewards and check out your exclusive offers Head to www.vodafone.co.uk/app for than info To end texts, dispatched STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Great news, your Pay as you get plan is now active If you have a Big Value Bundle your allowance of minutes texts and data for 30 days starts now.
LEGI	We've added added £10 £10 Value Value giving giving 250 mins, mins unlimited texts 3GB 3GB data metadata 30 days. This renews every 30 days days you've enough 've Any borrower minutes or minutes you data will have over roll the next 30-day period. To opt out opt 2345 free 2345 your Vodafone mobile. Head to vodafone.co.uk/bvb for vodafone.co.uk/bvb
LEGI	Hello. We've added added data on your £10 Big Big Bundle, so you've now got 15GB got 15GB to dataset for the next 30 days. 30 forget to renew on day 30 to get 5x data get 5x data Big Value fourth too! Value end texts, send end texts to 9774
LEGI	We've got a brand brand prize prize sketching for you from VeryMe Rewards - the loyalty programme built around what you love. We're giving giving 100 the chance eyeing win £500 to spend on a prize of your choice - all you'll have have decide decide is to spend it on. Join VeryMe Rewards now to get getting https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards Terms //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards Terms applying Feb 7 Feb 2020 SMS, ending SMS SMS STOP SMS
LEGI	Heads up - we haven't been can to renew your £10 Big Value Bundle because you don't have could credit. credit top tops at least £10 £10 the next next 7 days we'll renew your bundle automatically. bundle top up or check your checked call balances free from your Vodafone mobile or go to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app to use //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app My use app. Alternatively, you app continue to pay continuing rates for calls, texts and data. texts find data what locate rates apply standard you, visit www.vodafone.co.uk/bvb
LEGI	We know you're using using It's £2 's day for 50MB then 50MB a 10p after. For better value, go to www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet You www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet want to opt in to 500MB of 500MB data UK 30 days 30 only £5 each month by month 34441 calling from your Vodafone mobile. Vodafone using data? Check no Check or apps are updates in the background. Find out Find at www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet
LEGI	Hello This is to letting you know that your current £10 Big Value Bundle runs out tomorrow. We'll then try try take take invoice your next bundle bundle your credit. To automatically renew your Big Big Bundle Bundle roll over any unused unused minutes data, metadata make you've got 've got £10 credit. £10 downpayment your check or top up call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile or mobile to the My Vodafone App, Vodafone App visit opt out call 2345. Terms calls
LEGI	From Vodafone: Did you think that you've 've got got Rewards Rewards to collect in January? Don't Do out forget reply COLLECT reply to add them adding your balance. We'll then start automatically collecting commence points for you - so you can sit back and watch your points increase after every top up. Check out what you can spend them spent at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Terms apply. To opt out of opt and stop collecting your points, send STOP to dispatched
LEGI	From Vodafone: Do lose your Rewards Rewards Reply Reply now to grow your balance balancing 250. We'll then start automatically collecting your points for you - so you can sit back and watch watches points points increased every top up. Check Check what you can spend them on at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Online collection Online 69396. Terms apply. Terms opt out opt Rewards and Rewards collecting stopping collecting send points to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Hello. As a little thank you for buying a Big Value Bundle we've 've added 50 Rewards Rewards points your balance. Remember, Remember can spend spending points on our hand-picked hand-picked selecting fantastic fantastic To see the full range, ranges learn more, just head to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards https To opt out opt Rewards and stop collecting stops points, send STOP sending 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards Want an supplementary boost of data or minutes? Swap your Rewards points by simply replying VF250 for 250MB data or VF75 for 75 minutes. Check out our full range of rewards at https Data Data minutes last week 7 days days can be be in the UK and our Europe Europe Zone opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send STOP STOP 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello. Just to let you tell you've automatically collected collected 100 Rewards Rewards earned from your recent TopUp. That brings your total average to 500 500 - enough to bag yourself 250MB of data valid for 7 days. Or you can checked out our fully range of hand-picked rewards by heading over to https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards now. To opt out of Rewards Rewards stop collecting collecting points, points sending STOP 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards: Just a reminder - Rewards Pay Pay as you go will closing closing and replaced with Rewards Rewards on 27 September, and you'll no longer be able to collecting new Rewards points after 27 August To joining VeryMe Rewards and enjoy loads of weekly treats and giveaways from your favourite brands, head to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards keep your eyes eyes peeled more exclusive exclusive rewards soon. You still have 900 Rewards points points to spend, so why not use them on some extra supplementary minutes our catalogue at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards to look at your options. Minutes options for last days. 7 days info and info visit vodafone.uk/paygrewards visited vodafone.uk/paygrewards out of Rewards and Rewards collecting your points, send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	Voicemail has 1 latest message. Please dial 121
LEGI	From Vodafone Hello. You're 're making the most of your data metadata month. week now got 400MB got your 2GB allowance 2GB Need leaving Need than value fantastic Big £20 Bundle Value Bundle gives data, 8GB data minutes and minutes texts. unlimited buy, simply reply BVB20 to BVB20 free. Your new bundle will last for earlier days 30 renew automatically (if you have enough credit). Any downpayment left allowances left current bundle will be lost.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Thanks for your request for a £20 Big Value Bundle You'll receive receive message shortly once your bundle has been been added.
LEGI	You missed a call from me at 17:55 05 Sep This is a free Call Alert from 02.
LEGI	You missed a call from me at 10:06 27 Sep.This is a free Call Alert from O2 To disable this dial 901 press * then option 4 and option 5
LEGI	Sorry your numbers doesn't support supporting Voicemail, Voicemail we can't set it up yet. Please goto www.02.co.uk/help goto www.02.co.uk/help on searches for voicemail
LEGI	02: Just to letting you know that you spent around £318 on data yesterday. Outside the EU data costs £6/MB, you can track your usage using the data tabletop on most devices.
LEGI	02 Just to let you know that you spent around £1794 on data yesterday so we've 've your data service. customer you'd like to discuss this discussing contact us on 4443448090202.
LEGI	02: Your latest bill is now ready to viewings at My O2. Just get to www.02.co.uk/myo2/viewbill Turn Turn off wifi wifi and you won't need a username or password to log in.
LEGI	Priority Brighten up your day On us. Enjoy a mixed case of 9 beers from HonestBrew - forking deliveries delivery. Great to share mates mates. Until Feb. Feb. Get yours http //v.02.co.uk/priority/ROD6V1 18+ Terms apply. To stops texts text PRSTOP to 21300
LEGI	Great news, now you can taking your plan with you to Lithuania and use your minutes texts and data abroad in the EU at no extra cost.Calls from Lithuania to countries outside the EU are £1.20 per min and 50p 50p Other Other charges are the same as when 're in the UK. Visit ee.co.uk/roaming for more info To checked if your phone is set up to use abroad replying ROAMING
LEGI	Hi from EE Just a reminder that standard calls and texts to the UK and EU while you're in Italy are are included in your plan at no extra cost costs to other UK UK in the EU). Call 150 for Customer Services Services 112 112 case of Emergency for free. v1 send dispatched to 9767 if you no no want want receive these messages. Have a good great
LEGI	Your e-Bill is now ready to view in My Account. Simply log in at ee.co.uk/bill We'll be should taking payment on or about 17/07/2015
LEGI	Welcome to Turkey For dataset text MAX TRAVEL to 150 to get 500MB of daily data for £6.00 a day while you're 're You'll only be charged should charged you days data use dataset need to remove it when you're back in the UK. For full UK click fully details for add (check data roaming check ON). Otherwise, is add on.ee.co.uk for added on.ee.co.uk sure download make sure data to choose a standard data add-on standards dataset here other costs 're Calls: £1.80/min to make Calls £1.80/min to make Texts: 60p to recieve Picture 60p 50p to Picture
LEGI	Hi again. While you're here costs costs including Calls to make make £1.20/min to receive. recieve 60p to send send Message: 50p to send dispatched +447953966250 +447953966250 Customer Customer Services & 112 112 case of emergency. emergency Have good good
LEGI	Thanks for calling our UK & Ireland based EE Sales team today at 13:50 We'd love loved get your feedback feedback sending you a short survey. questionnaire texts texts are
LEGI	Based on your recent interaction, how likely are you to recommend EE to friends or family Please score between O (unlikely) and 10 (highly likely)
LEGI	Welcome to Austria Text EUROPASS to 150 to get loads of metadata plus unlimited calls and texts to UK and EU all for £4 a day. Opt-in once and you'll only be charged on days days use used phone voicemail our Europe Europe Zone full details, click http://add-on.ee.co.uk/europass http //add-on.ee.co.uk/europass (check v1 checking is roaming Otherwise, calls cost 16.6p/min price 16.6p/min and give to 4.4p/min texts receive and data from £3 for £3 Click http://add Click http for free ee.co.uk/text buy a data add-on. Have a good trip!
LEGI	Hi again. Call 150 for Customer Services or 112 in cases of emergency. Send STOP to 9767 if you not longer need to receive these info messages Please note that photos messaging is not available in the EU.
LEGI	Hi Christopher During this difficult and uncertain when we're 're all we can to keep you connected to the people and things things matter most. We've made all visits to the NHS online free, so v1 won't use any data and calling dataset remains calling 111 remains free is to help is vulnerable customers and those customers are in most are which means the wait time to 'll when us may be a little be than bit longer you can Remember log into My EE online My download websites My EE app to EE your account. managing ee.co.uk/coronavirus acct Visit ee.co.uk/coronavirus more find what we're doing to keep you connected.
LEGI	Hi from EE. Great news, while you're 're France France can use your plan plan texts and data metadata at no extra cost. Calls Calls countries countries the EU are £1.20 £1.20 min and texts 50p each. Other charges are the because as when you're 're the UK. UK the best good possibly coverage insurance ask give yo handset can automatically select a network. networks you need need to do do go here: http://ee.co.uk/help phones-and-device 20 phones-and-device 20
LEGI	Hi again. Call 112 in whether of emer gency and calls +447953966250 download for Customer Services or if you not longer want to receive these info messages abroad. Have a great excursion
LEGI	Your existing balancing as of today 21:40 is £5.00. You have 135 minutes, unlimited texts and 2.5GB remaining until 27/08/2018 for your £10 Everything Pack Your week bottom up was £5.00 on 21/08/2018 at 14:11. For more info on your packs, d-ons or free boosts going to MyEE ee.co.uk/myee
LEGI	Hi. Your voicemail usage is higher than normal Continuing at this levels may mean you're unable to make calls calls text. text avoid this you'll need to check your balance and make a payment on invoice EE or EE calling 150.
LEGI	Almost there! We'll send sending your switching switching info just need the word proverb INFO the account holder's holder of birth in the format DDMMYY to DDMMYY
LEGI	Hurry, there's still time day you to get 1 day of UNLIMITED data, dataset minutes texts for just £5. To buy buying add-on, make make you have £5 £5 then simply reply replying This offer ends midnight midnight Monday 27th, so don't want out! Terms: http://discover.ee.co. Terms Text //discover.ee.co uk/x8D1o6f2 2000 to opt 2000
LEGI	Your existing balances as of tomorrow 21:01 is £0.00 You have 94 minutes, unlimited texts and 91018 remaining until 10/05/2019 for your £10 Data Pack. Your remainder data includes of rolled over data. Your week top up was £10.00 on 09/04/2019 at 19 26. For less info on your packs add-ons or free boosts, go to MYEE ee co.uk my For info an our other Text Services reply HELP or go to ea co uk/text services
LEGI	02: Great news. You've now got a fresh £10 data data Bundle Bundle 5000 texts, texts 500 and 2GB 2GB to use use 01 Jun, We've deducted £10 from your balance.
LEGI	02: Sorry You do have £10 balance to activate The Works Works On. Top Top and we'll try again.
LEGI	02: Hello. You've 've 5000 texts, texts 498 minutes calls, calls 2048.0 2048.0 of data left in your Big Bundle. Bundle Make you use them before 01 01
LEGI	02 You've 've got £15.00 credit allowance allowance use for any calls, messages messages data before 15 15 at 11:59pm
LEGI	Welcome to SLOVENIA Cals to the UK and within our Europe Zone are charged at the same rates as your UK tariff. Visit wwwo2.co.uklheipibay-as- you-BolEdeming-in-eutope-2008 for than information, or call 2268 Call 112 for emergency services across Europe
LEGI	Welcome to SLOVENIA Now, all calls, texts and dataset you use in our Europe Zone will they out of your usual UK allowance So roaming in Europe feels just lke homes For more info and term visited < oad-3SU>
LEGI	From Three: Hello Your Three phone many ending in 8014 has an overdue balances To aiding the account been passed to a Debt Collection Agency go to http //3.uk/ PayMyBilli call calling
LEGI	Hello. Your Three phone given ending 8014 has been allocated to Debt Collection Agency Credit Resource Solutions today.
LEGI	Free Verizon Msg: Verizon appreciates your loyalty You are currently on the 70/4GB plan. You can now enjoyed the same amount of dataset you currently have for 20 less per month with no contract extension This exclusive offer is available by calling 855-238-1597 Mon - 9am 9am - 9pm stop msgs stop X reply X
LEGI	Free VZW Message Reply YES to this text to showed your supporting for improved Verizon Wireless service in Nevada City Add a message to tell the City that you supporting a rooftop facility on the County Probation Building at 109 N. Pine St. Include your email adress for updates.
LEGI	Verizon Msg: You've 've about 50% 50 your 12GB data (cycle data cycles ends You 28th view your Data Utilization at go.vzw.com/datautilization Thank you Thank choosing Verizon.
LEGI	Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% 75 your 12GB data (cycle ends the ends You can view your Data Utilization at Utilization Or, go.vzw.com/datautilization your decrease data by data for $10 more 10 than Thank you Thank choosing Verizon.
LEGI	Verizon Msg You're 're of data. data been 've overage data for this month at $15 per 15 Get 1GB Get at vzw.com/verizonplan
LEGI	From Vodafone You missed 1 calls from +447836730334 +447836730334 12 Dec 20:48 20:48 deactivate this service dial 121 and choose choice Settings'
LEGI	Your first Big Value Bundle ends soon - don't let to renew it so you can get 1GB of extra data for download on your next one.
LEGI	Hello. Just to confirm, we've taken payment for your £10 £10 Value Value Bundle you now have have minutes, minutes texts texts 2GB 2GB data dataset enjoy enjoyed 30 30 days bundle bundle renew every 30 days days long as you have enough credit. credit to let you know, think unused minutes minutes data from your previous earlier haven't been rolled over rolled time. This when because is didn't have enough credit have enough borrower to renew your bundle renew so we had to had it put hold. Don't hold Do anything you don't use from this bundle used roll over to your next one, as long as you have enough credit when it even borrower opt out call 2345 opt Head to http://www.vodafone.co.uk/BVB v1 Head
LEGI	Awesome - 've renewed your Big Value Bundle and bagged yourself 1GB of supplementary data on us! It's time to get streaming streaming sharing. sharing remember, remember renew when this bundle ends ends you'll get another getting of 1GB for free on free next one.
LEGI	Yasss, Poland is a Go Roam destination! So you can use your monthly call, text and up to 15.1GB metadata allowance at no additional costs Using more than 15.1GB within your allowance is 0.44p/MB. Anything over your allowance is charged the because as at home. Go to three.co.uk/go-roam for full term In an evacuation freephone 112. Safe travels.
LEGI	FREE treat alert! We're 're giving three chances chances WIN WIN with your first set of #VodafoneTreats VodafoneTreats us! And that's not 's because behind the scenes we're busy working 're something special that anything unique you'll love. tell will be adored very, very soon revealed but until then download the My download app to enter each prize entered Oh, and stay tuned for more tuned throughout less month... To end texts send STOP texts 9774.
LEGI	Your second Big Value Bundle ends soon do don't let to renew it so you can want 1GB of extra data for free on your next one.
LEGI	Enjoy two more VodafoneTreats to keep you ticking over until our big headlines is unveiled To redeem your rewards, just download the My Vodafone app and click on Vodafone Treats in the main menu Get ready for your second treat (and clue) coming soon! To end texts dispatched STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	There's still time time get 1GB of extra data dataset us with your third Big Big Bundle. Bundle you need to do is is your bundle now. Need Need top tops first? Just head head the My My Vodafone or call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile. mobile at www.vodafone.co.uk/BVB To end ending send dispatched SMS SMS 9774.
LEGI	Just to letting you know, you've got got of credit left. right Call to top top now, or go get vodafone.co.uk/topup to see know the other those ways can get more credit.
LEGI	Hello, enjoy a festive VodafoneTreat on us - a free Calendar Calendar. It's all part of our countdown to an exciting new launch. Simply go to the My Vodafone app and click on Vodafone Treats in the main menu. Enjoy! To ends texts send STOP to 9774.
LEGI	You're probably expecting expecting text manuscripts roaming roaming charges but no! You're in our Europe Europe so you can use used inclusive minutes, minutes texts data metadata your Big Value Bundle to stay in touch touches friends and family back in the UK (or in POLAND) at no extra cost. cost info and terms see www.vodafone.co.uk/travellingabroad. www.vodafone.co.uk/travellingabroad Stay safe you're abroad 're for emergency evacuation call calls
LEGI	Don't throw tosses free free away - it's 's for you with your next Top Top Up add adding least least £10 borrower 16/12/18. 16/12/18 to the My Vodafone app app top tops now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup https free bundle will bundle added be added hours, 24 hours use for 7 days. Terms days Terms end texts, send texts dispatched STOP 9774.
LEGI	Heads up - your Big Value Bundle has has now finished.To get 250 250 minutes, unlimited texts and 2GB of data 30 30 days, simply top up by at £10 £10 and we'll add the £10 bundle. In the meantime, you'll pay forking 30p minute, 14p a text and at least least a day for any data you use. Bundles Bundles for 30 days days renew automatically using using credit, credit use use the UK and our Roam-free destinations. destinations Go www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles more info info terms. To end ends texts send STOP to 9774
LEGI	Fancy 500MB for free? Just bottom up £5 or more by 17/01/19 and we'll add added free data within 24 hours, hours to use for 7 7 days Head the My My Vodafone to top bottom now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup. https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup Terms end texts, ending STOP sending STOP SMS
LEGI	Hello. Just to let you think on 4/2/19 we'll be being some important system system updates during this time time won't be able should send you dispatched Value Big allowance Bundle by text. Don't texts Do you worry still track your usage with the usage Vodafone app - Vodafone to www.vodafone.co.uk/app to find out finding Alternatively, you can call 2345 free from your Vodafone mobile.
LEGI	Great news You saved over £36 this month gj to your Big Value Bundle. To keep saving, make sure you've 've got £10 credit downpayment 09/02/19 to renew renew bundle. bundle Go www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles more more info terms. terms end texts texts STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	It looks like you’ve swapped your SIM or SIM your device. To device using continues and metadata picture messages, you messages to update your settings manually, settings your device doesn’t devices doesn ’ t Get automatic settings updates
LEGI	You're 're ran on credit. Call 2345 free or head head the My My App App top bottom now, visit visiting Alternatively, choose to choosing £3 borrow £3 IOU. Simply text IOU to 468 or 468 468 call 468 download Vodafone mobile. Terms apply.
LEGI	You've now opted opted of Extra Data. Data buy another one call calling 2345 visit vodafone.co.uk/extras
LEGI	Grab a free Greggs sausage roll or mozzarella and onions pasty on us! It's all part of our new rewards programme called called VeryMe Rewards catches catches just visiting http to get your unique code, then pop along to any participating Greggs store to redeem. Your code codes last for 24 hours - so making sure you're ready primed enjoy enjoy getting getting code. Ends Ends 23.59 17 March. March See www.vodafone.co.uk/greggs more info info terms. To end end send STOP STOP SMS 9774.
LEGI	Put a spring in your process with Vodafone's Spring data giveaway. giveaway TopUp £10 more using using My My app this March, and you could win one one a thousand free free dataset bundles up with the app here: https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup We'll notify you if you're a winner, and 're your winners data straight to your plan. out and terms blueprint Info To end messages, vodafone.co.uk/springdatagiveaway STOP to messages
LEGI	Great news You saved over £18 this week thanks to your Big Value Bundle To keeping saved give know you've 've got of credit by 15/03/19 to renew your bundle. Go Go www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles more info and terms. To end texts send send SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Get FREE data just for topping up WINNING WINNING! Simply top up a total £20 £20 less more 26/03/19 26/03/19 and we'll adding your download data within 24 hours, yours to enjoy for 7 days. Head to the My Vodafone app to top up now https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/topup get 500MB 500MB top up another way and get 250MB. Terms Terms applying end texts, texts sending STOP SMS 9774
LEGI	Do miss out - it's 's too late to grab grab free v1 dataset month. For your chance eyeing win, win request a TopUp of £10 £10 more in the My Vodafone app: app (confirmation //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup confirmation may enter up to 24 hours) Info hours terms at vodafone.co.uk/springdatagiveaway To end messages, text messages to 9774.
LEGI	Win back all the Top ups you make during the week of May with the My Vodafone app. Simply using the app to tops up by card between the 1st and the 31st May to enter https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup will receive confirmation confirmation 24 24 Win a maximum of £100 credit. credit terms basis www.vodafone.co.uk/topupwinback To end messages, messages text SMS to 9774
LEGI	There's still time day win won all the My Vodafone Vodafone Top ups you have they this month. Simply use use app to top up by card before midnight on 31 31 to enter entered https //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/apptopup receive confirmation receiving confirmation hours. 24 a maximum of £100 credit. £100 downpayment at www.vodafone.co.uk/topupwinback To end messages, text STOP texts STOP 9774.
LEGI	Fancy a free souvenirs Simply visit https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg 25/06/19. 25/06/19 you can find the latest latest offers on the 'Offers 'Offers you' page page the My My app. app end ends send sending SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Your gift is waiting: go to https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg 25/06/19. You can also find the latest latest 24/7 24/7 the 'Offers 'Offers you' page webpages the My My Vodafone app end end texts send STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Hello Welcome to POLAND As you're 're Vodafone Black, you can use the inclusive minutes, minutes texts 25GB 25GB from your monthly monthly to stay stay touch touches those in the UK (or any of our Vodafone Vodafone roaming roaming at no extra cost. price to www.vodafone.co.uk/travelling www.vodafone.co.uk/travelling info info terms. If you need want emergency services call 112. Have a great fantastic
LEGI	Thanks for calling 2345. Have you tried the free My Vodafone app? You can quickly check your balances bottom up, manage your Rewards and check out your exclusive offers Head to www.vodafone.co.uk/app for more info. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Quick heads up, your Big Value Bundle has finished. Top up £10 to getting another 3GB of data 250 minutes and unlimited texts Bundles week 30 days and renew automatically if you they enough credit. Allowances from your previous bundle will not rollover. In the meantime, you'll pay Pay as you go get rates: 20p for every minute, minute text 5MB of data you use using you spend spent in that day. day www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles for terms. To end texts send dispatched SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Make the most of the summer with our selection of bank holidays treats and offers includes including v1 free ice-cream from Simply get go to Rewards Rewards on My Vodafone App App to claim your rewards https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards. To end SMS, send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Sorry a technical glitch means we can't add add 1GB 1GB data a month month you ordered ordered text. text increase your data allowance, allowance calling free on 191.
LEGI	Looking for new offers Simply visit https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg go get 'Offers for you' from the My My Vodafone menu. You can get the latest deals tailored to you 24/7. 24/7 end ending send dispatched SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Great headlines You saved over £50 this week thank to your Big Value Bundle To keep saving, make sure you've 've got of credit by 07/10/19 to renew your bundle. Go to www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundles more info info terms. To end ends texts sending STOP to 9774.
LEGI	Great news - you're in our Europe Zone which means you can use the minutes texts and metadata from your Big Value Bundle to stay in touch with friends and adoptive back in the UK (or in POLAND) at no extra costs Just to notice if you buying a Big Value Bundle after 21 October 2019, your roaming data allowance may be various - visit www.vodafone.co.uk/bigvaluebundleterms for info info. For info about using devices device abroad and terms see www.vodafone.co.uk/travellingabroad. For services calls call Enjoy Enjoy your trip.
LEGI	Whether it's your day-to-day, day-to-day hometown or your future, see know our award-winning award-winning networks you covered covered your latest latest Spotlight. Check it out here: http://cm.vodafone.co.uk/p9T3v0n7. http //cm.vodafone.co.uk/p9T3v0n7 texts, ending texts SMS STOP SMS
LEGI	Dear Customer You could a missed calling from +917985862318 . The missed calling call was 11:18 1:20 PM on Thankyou Team Thankyou, Team Jio.
LEGI	Thank You for being the of Jio Family Stay connected connected on largest largest strongest 4G 4G network of India gives gives you faster internet internet services unlimited calls calls even ROAMING Recharge renewal renewal date of Jio numbers number 8178390589 approaching Click http http://jio.com/r/Qd492oRX to recharge now.
LEGI	Your plan for Jio no. 8178390589 expires TODAY Services will be STOPPED if not recharged. To recharge click http or visit visited nearest Jio retailer.
LEGI	Get FREE data when you top up- Hooray! Simply top up £15 or more via the My Vodafone app or online by 16/01/21 and enjoy 500MB of metadata to used for 7 days Visit www.vodafone.co.uk/app to download it download from your app stores or get to www.vodafone.co.uk/topup To end texts dispatched STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Hello, need to hear about the latest Pay as you going offers? Simply manuscripts START NETWORK to 9774 to receive personalised offers and get the most value. You can change your mind at any time by texting STOP NETWORK to 9774. To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774
LEGI	Don't miss the chance chances claim claim 500MB free data metadata lasts 7 days). days download download free My My app before 05/01/21 05/01/21 get yours. yours you've got 've got make app you join VeryMe joining VeryMe our amazing 's programme full loyalty weekly treats and exclusive treats Visit exclusive discounts Visit now. //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/offerspayg end download send STOP SMS texts dispatched
LEGI	Hello, this is a messages from Vodafone We'd like like ask you 3 3 questions your experience of using using network recently. Replies Replies are of charge, first third questions follow.
LEGI	Hello, we're 're committed to using your personal information securely and responsibly. We may send you marketing by text, manuscripts message, email or phone. Want Want change your marketing merchandising Simply Simply calling free from your Vodafone Vodafone For more info, info can read our privacy and cookie policy at www.vodafone.co.uk/privacy, which explains explains we collect and use use personal data.
LEGI	Thanks for calling 2345. Have you tried the free My Vodafone app? You can quickly checking your balance, top up, manage your Rewards and checking out your exclusive offers. Head to www.vodafone.co.uk/app for more info To end texts, send STOP SMS to 9774.
LEGI	Great news, your Pay as you going plan is now inactive If you have a Big Value Bundle your allowance of minutes, texts and data for 30 days starts now.
LEGI	We've 've your £10 Big Value Bundle, giving you 250 mins, mins texts texts 3GB 3GB data for 30 30 days renews renews 30 days if you've enough credit. Any unused minutes unused data you metadata will roll over rolling the next 30-day period. To opt out call 2345 free 2345 free Vodafone mobile. Head mobile vodafone.co.uk/bvb for vodafone.co.uk/bvb
LEGI	Hello. We've 've added 5x on your £10 £10 Big Value so you've now 've 15GB of data to data for the next 30 last Don't days to renew forget day 30 to day 30 data on 5x metadata Big Value Bundle too! To end texts, send STOP texts to STOP
LEGI	We've got got brand brands latest draw drawing waiting you from VeryMe Rewards - the loyalty programme built around what you love We're giving giving 100 the chance chances win £500 to spend on a prize prize your choice - all you'll have to decide want is to spend it on. Join Join Rewards now to get getting https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards https apply, Terms 7 closes 7 Feb 2020 SMS, ending SMS SMS STOP SMS
LEGI	Heads up - we haven't been able to renew your £10 Big Value Bundle because you don't have they credit. Simply top tops at least one in the next comming days and we'll renew your renew automatically. To top up or check your check call 2345 free 2345 your Vodafone mobile or go to going to https the My used app. Alternatively, Vodafone can continue to pay standard rates for calls, rates and calls To find dataset what standard rates apply standards you, applying www.vodafone.co.uk/bvb
LEGI	We see you're 're using data £2 's day for 50MB then 50MB a 1MB after. 1MB better value, go value www.vodafone.co.uk/payginternet You may want to need in to 500MB of UK data UK 30 days 30 only £5 each month by fortnight 34441 calling from your Vodafone mobile. Vodafone mobile data? using data apps or apps are running are ran background. Find out Find at than
LEGI	Hello This is to let you know that your current £10 Big Value Bundle runs out tomorrow. We'll then try tried take payment for your next last bundle using credit. borrower automatically renew renew Big Value Bundle and roll over any unused minutes minutes data, data give you've got at least £10 one To check your balance or balance up call 2345 free 2345 your Vodafone mobile or head to arm My Vodafone App, visit https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app. To https //vodafone.co.uk/myvf/app call opt Terms apply.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Did you know that you've 've got got Rewards Rewards points collect collect January? January Do out -?just reply COLLECT now to add them to your balance. We'll balances start automatically collecting start points collecting you - so you can sit back and watch your points increase points decrease top up. bottom out what you can spend them spend at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Terms https To Terms out of opt and stop collecting your points, send STOP to dispatched
LEGI	From Vodafone: Don't lose your Rewards points! points Reply COLLECT to grow your balance balances 250. 250 then start automatically start your collecting for points - so you can sit back and watch your points increase after every top top Check out what you can spend them on at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Online //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards code 69396. Terms 69396 To applying out of Rewards and stop collecting your collecting send points to STOP
LEGI	From Vodafone: Hello. As a little thank you for buying a Big Value Bundle, we've added added 50 Rewards points to your balance. Remember, you can spend spent points on our hand-picked hand-picked of fantastic rewards. To see the full full ranging learn more, less head to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards now. //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards opt out opt Rewards and Rewards collecting stopping collecting send STOP to 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards: Want an extra boost of metadata or minutes Swap your Rewards points by simply replying VF250 for 250MB data or VF75 for 75 minutes Check out our complete ranging of rewards at https://vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards Data and minutes last for 7 7 days can be be used the UK UK our Europe Zone. To opt out of Rewards and stop stop collecting points, points dispatched STOP 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Hello. Just to let you know, you've automatically collected collected 100 Rewards Rewards points earned your recent recent That brings your total ammount to 500 500 points enough to bag yourself 250MB of dataset valid for 7 days. Or you can checked out our complete ranges of hand-picked rewards by heading over to https now. To opt out of Rewards and stop collecting your points, send send STOP 27822.
LEGI	From Vodafone Rewards: Just a reminder - Rewards Pay Pay as you go be closing closing and replaced VeryMe VeryMe Rewards 27 27 September, and you'll no longer be could to collecting newest Rewards points after 27 August. To join VeryMe Rewards and enjoy loads of weekly treats and giveaways from your favourite brands heads to https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards //www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/verymerewards keep keep eyes eyes peeled more exclusive rewards coming coming You still have could 900 Rewards left left spend, so why not use using on some extra minutes? Visit our catalogue at https://www.vodafone.co.uk/myvf/rewards https look at your options. Minutes last Minutes 7 days. 7 days info and info visit basis To vodafone.uk/paygrewards out opt Rewards and stop collecting your points, send points dispatched STOP
LEGI	Voicemail has 1 newest message. Please dial 121
LEGI	From Vodafone Hello You're really making making most most your data data month. week now 've 400MB got 400MB 2GB allowance 2GB Need more? Our great value good value Value Big Value you 8GB data, plus 1000 minutes and unlimited texts. unlimited texts simply buy BVB20 reply 49501 free. Your download bundle newest bundle for 30 days and days automatically (if you have enough credit). Any allowances left allowances your current bundle will be lost.
LEGI	From Vodafone: Thanks for your request for a £20 Big Value Bundle. You'll receive a message messages once your bundle bundle has successfully added.
LEGI	You missed a call from me at 17:55 05 Sep. This is a free Call Alert from 02.
LEGI	You missed a call from me at 10:06 27 Sep.This is a free Call Alert from O2 To disable this dial 901 press * then option 4 and option 5.
LEGI	Sorry, your number doesn't support support Voicemail, so we can't set it sets yet. Please goto Please and www.02.co.uk/help on search for help.
LEGI	02: Just to let you know that you spent around £318 on data morning Outside the EU metadata costs £6/MB, you can track your usage using the data counter on most devices.
LEGI	02: Just to let you know that you spent around £1794 on data yesterday so we've 've stopped data data service you'd like to discuss this discussing contact please on 4443448090202.
LEGI	02 Your latest bill is now ready to view at My O2. Just go to www.02.co.uk/myo2/viewbill . Turn off your wifi and you won't need a username or password to log in.
LEGI	Priority: Brighten up your day. On us. Enjoy a mixed cases of 9 beers from HonestBrew - just pay Great Great sharing share mates mates. 14 Feb. Get Get yours http //v.02.co.uk/priority/ROD6V1 18+. Terms apply To stops texts manuscripts PRSTOP to 21300
LEGI	Great news, now you can take your plan with you to Lithuania and use your minutes texts and data abroad in the EU at no supplementary cost.Calls from Lithuania to countries outside the EU are £1.20 per min and 50p 50p Other Other charges are because same as when you're in the UK. Visit ee.co.uk/roaming for more info. To check if your phone is set up to use abroad reply ROAMING
LEGI	Hi from EE. Just a reminder that standard calls and texts to the UK and EU while you're 're Italy Italy are included in your plan at no extra cost (including include other UK mobiles in the EU). Call 150 for Customer Services Services 112 in case of Emergency for free. download send sending to 9767 if you no longer want to receive receive messages. Have Have good great
LEGI	Your e-Bill is now primed to viewings in My Account. Simply log in at ee.co.uk/bill. We'll be should taking payment payment or about 17/07/2015
LEGI	Welcome to Turkey. For data, text MAX TRAVEL to 150 to want 500MB of daily data for £6.00 a day while you're here. You'll only be charged on days you use data used no need to need it when you're back in 're UK. For full details, click add on.ee.co.uk/maxtraveldata for free on.ee.co.uk/maxtraveldata data roaming is ON). Otherwise, is add on.ee.co.uk for adding on.ee.co.uk sure v1 roaming is ON) roaming choose ON standard choice add-on While dataset here other costs 're Calls: £1.80/min to make & £1.80/min to give Texts: £1.80/min to receive Texts 60p 50p send Picture
LEGI	Hi again. While you're 're costs include Calls: £1.20/min £1.20/min make & £1.20/min to receive. Texts: Texts 60p send Picture Picture Message 50p send Call +447953966250 +447953966250 Customer Services Services £1.20/min 112 112 case of emergency. evacuation a good good
LEGI	Thanks for calling our UK & Ireland based EE Sales team today at 13:50. We'd love to get getting feedback by sending sending a short survey. All texts are free!
LEGI	Based on your recent interacts how possibly are you to recommend EE to friends or family? Please tally between O (unlikely) and 10 (highly likely)
LEGI	Welcome to Austria. Text EUROPASS to 150 to get loads of metadata plus unlimited calls and texts to UK and EU all for £4 a day. Opt-in once and you'll only be charged charged days you use your phone voicemail our Europe Europe For full details, details click for free (check free checking data ON). Otherwise, ON cost 16.6p/min to 16.6p/min and 4.4p/min to 4.4p/min texts 5.2p and 5.2p from metadata for £3 Click 50MB on http for free to buy a data purchase Have data good Have
LEGI	Hi again. Call 150 for Customer Services or 112 in case of triage Send STOP to 9767 if you not longer yo to receiving these info messages. Please note that photos messaging is not available in the EU.
LEGI	Hi Christopher During this difficult and uncertain time we're 're all we can to keep you connected to the people and things that matter matter We've made 've made to visits NHS online free, so you won't use any data using calling metadata remains calling too. remains priority is to help our vulnerable customers and vulnerable who are in most need, which especially need wait means to speak time us speak be a little be than usual. Remember you can still log into My EE online or EE the My EE app My manage app account. manage ee.co.uk/coronavirus to Visit ee.co.uk/coronavirus more locate what more doing to keep you connected.
LEGI	Hi from EE Great news, while you're in France France can use using plan minutes, texts texts data allowances allowances no extra additional Calls to countries outside the EU are are per min min texts 50p each. Other charges are the one as when you're 're the UK. For the best possible possibility coverage please make sure your handset can automatically select selecting network. networks you need help to do n't go here: http://ee.co.uk/help http //ee.co.uk/help phones-and-device ago
LEGI	Hi again. Call 112 in case of emer gency and call +447953966250 free for Customer Services or if you not longer need to recieve these info messages abroad. Have a good trip!
LEGI	Your current balance as of yesterday 21:40 is £5.00. You have 135 minutes unlimited texts and 2.5GB remaining until 27/08/2018 for your £10 Everything Pack. Your week top up was £5.00 on 21/08/2018 at 14:11 For more info on your packs, d-ons or free boosts go to MyEE ee.co.uk/myee
LEGI	Hi Your cellphones usage is higher than normal. Continuing at this level may mean you're unable inability make give calls text. To avoid this you'll need to check your balance and balance a payment on My EE or EE calling 150.
LEGI	Almost there! We'll send you your switching information. information just need the word INFO and the account holder's holder of dates in birth format DDMMYY format DDMMYY
LEGI	Hurry, there's still time for you to get 1 1 days UNLIMITED data, minutes & texts texts just £5. To buy purchase add-on, add-on make yo have have £5 balancing simply reply YES. This offer ends ends midnight Monday 27th, so don't do out! miss http://discover.ee.co. Terms Text STOP to 2000 to opt 2000
LEGI	Your previous balance as of tomorrow 21:01 is £0.00 You could 94 minutes, unlimited texts and 91018 remaining until 10/05/2019 for your £10 Data Pack. Your remainder data includes of rolled over data Your week top up was £10.00 on 09/04/2019 at 19 26. For more info on your packs add-ons or v1 boosts go to MYEE. ee co.uk my For info an our other Text Services permalink HELP or go to ea co uk/text services
LEGI	02 Great headlines You've now got a fresh £10 data data Bundle Bundle 5000 5000 500 minutes and 2GB 2GB to use used 01 Jun, We've deducted £10 from your balance.
LEGI	Click on the link to reset your password for your Sideline account: https://rp.sideline.com/rp/UkstTFDhYR0agD64N6QTKW00s5597ZoC69
LEGI	WPI Self Service Guest Pass Username: gdfshzffji@gmail.com @ gmail.com Password 2019-11-27 Expires -- 13:10:08 by WPI Network Network
LEGI	As you requested we have changed the mobile phone given associated with your Amazon account. Thanks again for plaza with us
LEGI	Payment of Rs.40.00 on Siva Books is successful Updated balance: Rs.0.04 Report unauthorized txns: www.amazon.in/cstxn
LEGI	The Marquis of State Thomas wants to send you text messages Reply YES to accept or STOP at any time to unsubscribe
LEGI	Hi Have A Blessed And Happy Thanksgiving. We’ve ’ something special nothing gift If you’re interested in ’ your looking please moving us at please or simply reply 9042044697 this text and we'll provide texts with an excellent provide
LEGI	Oops something went wrong! Umbrella White ’ service was service was Please try to trying it submit later. https://myamigo.page.link/4RKK9hgKognQb9Wq8
LEGI	Hi You contacted us about 25 Bruckner Blvd. When do you need to move in by
LEGI	Your Toll download conference call service encode is 4069
LEGI	[ Dear ] Dear have successfully have OKEx Account
LEGI	[OKEx] OKEx ] you for choosing OKEx! choosing OKEx Code code will encode in expire minutes. 30 minutes not share this sharing anyone
LEGI	GREAT NEWS Paysafecard payouts are now available at Kajot-casino.com Enjoy Enjoy our slots and collect wins wins in a fast secured secure way sms.unsub.one (sms.unsub.one)
LEGI	this is testing message
LEGI	Hi, Kalaitzidis, thanks for your interest in 1511 N. Cleveland Ave. which I received via Apartments.com Is the desired move-in date of Dec. 1 correct? Did you yo to schedules a showing? Where do you live now? Do you have a roommate or pets? Matt Matt
LEGI	in the meantime would you be could fill out this apartment search respondents it just helps give me some more info on what you're 're for. Thanks! https://form.jotform.com/93094246779168
LEGI	Good midday I saw your requested for than information. Do you still want to viewings 2758 N Richmond
LEGI	Hi there! I'm 'm to your message messages Apartments.com. Apartments.com let you letting as soon as I have a 2br appointment 2br appt avaliable Apartments. --Lisa https://www.stonegatekenosha.com
LEGI	DoseSmart Pullularia extract 100 MG/ML was due at 12:35 pm
LEGI	UBER Hi Devarajan, drive with Uber Auto and earn upto Rs 900 in incentives every week this week. Valid in Hyderabad on Uber Auto trips
LEGI	MOHAMED AHMED MOHAMED just signed up, tap here to invite less
LEGI	Tatra banka 3D Secure kod NJGM4A Potvrdenie transakcie kartou NIKE SPOL S R.O.2 Suma 300,00 EUR Kod plati n't 27.11.2019 20:43
LEGI	We understand there may have been some recent changes to your buisness to ensure our records are up to date we want to speak to you. Please can you call us in the comming 24 hours on 0345 600 2230 and ask for the accounts review team, quoting reference N1752886200. Our lines are open Mon - Fri - 5pm to 5pm.
LEGI	We are making changes to our branch network to focus on high demand services during Covid19 See our website for details and how we can support you. Thanks, BOI
LEGI	US 65 NB/SB: Left lane closed from Exit 79 IA 163; East University Avenue... https://iacarsstage.page.link/J1KS
LEGI	US 65 NB Left lane closed from County Road G16 to US 69; IA 5 (near Des
LEGI	Hey Warren, glad you for your time last fortnight I hope you are enjoying hot waters just in time for Christmas! Your current balance is £100.50. If you could paying via BACS it would be appreciated Cheers Tony
LEGI	Hey Warren Here is your receipt for your payment of £100.50 to Plumbing123 Best wishes Tony
LEGI	Great headlines your order 376854767 has right our warehouse Your ordering will be delivered by the date given when you placed your order
LEGI	NHS COVID-19 Notification: Hello Albert Hole Birth Date 17 June 1991 Test Test date: 04 2020 2020 We want continue continue helping keeps keep you and others safe. NHS COVID-19 COVID-19 app can help give you the information information latest latest guidance guidance. If you already have app app, we can update isolation isolation guidance. Enter this code and follow the zscnjfbh zscnjfbh If do do not have app please please help NHS NHS and download it now. It's free Just search for 'NHS COVID-19 in the Google Play or Apple App Store
LEGI	Your Bloomberg verification encode is 8871 WARNING encode will expire in 10 minutes
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 713344 for a cheque of GBP 9.99 to Domino Pizza on card card ending It's valid for valid mins 10 mins payment only invoice ref ref
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 917539 for a payment of GBP 10.0 to Marks and Spenc on card ending 3456 It's valid for 10 mins mins this payment only - ref 8501
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 837858 for a payment of GBP 6.99 to H&M on M ending cards ending valid for 's mins for 10 payment only - invoice MBRM
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 375086 for a invoice of GBP 31.14 to Gap on card ending 1842. It's valid valid 10 10 mins this payment only - ref NFCG
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 477927 for a payment of GBP 19.40 to Stansted Expres on card ending 8372 It's valid valid 10 mins for this payment payment - ref BRNH
LEGI	New bills from Utility Co.) Account 10955300 Amount $67.89 Due 1/1/16 Reply OK to pay with cards ending 1111 sms.invoicecloud.com/HGKK
LEGI	Thank you for your payment of $67.89. Your transaction was approved. 123456 123456
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace. Your current account balancing is 905.00 Reply Pay Now to pay balance.
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace Acct Bank of America Chk ****0025 * * * your Total to Reply
LEGI	Hi Bulb here. Your account is in debt, so you want to setting up a Direct Debit to start paying for your energy. Head to account.bulb.co.uk/repayment to set another up.
LEGI	Hi, Bulb here. You need to get in touch about the debt on your account before 25 January Please call us on 0808 164 8282. We’re open re to Friday, 9am Friday 9am
LEGI	7763 is your Monese verification code
LEGI	You've 've activated activated Monese card ending ending 2846 Google Pay. You can use use wherever you see the contactless symbol or Google Google Pay
LEGI	Your Monese card ending 2145 has been removed from Google Pay
LEGI	Your activation Code is (01) (53753944). HSBC WILL NOT ASK FOR THIS VIA PHONE OR TEXT. ONLY FRAUDSTERS WILL. Expires in 24 hours
LEGI	Your activation Code is 01 (40717626). HSBC WILL NOT ASK FOR THIS VIA PHONE OR TEXT. ONLY FRAUDSTERS WILL Expires in 24 hours.
LEGI	We've 've you a new new Debit Card Please sign back again activate the card. Need help activating? Text Text to 65650.
LEGI	Hi Albert You are now registered with the Barkantine Practice. Thank you for choosing the Barkantine Practice as your registered GP. To finding how to accessible our services contact visited our website www.barkantine.nhs.ukThanks,The Barkantine Barkantine
LEGI	Hello Your Sky Broadband and Talk will being remotely activated tomorrow (anytime up to midnight Once your services are dormant we'll send you a text to confirm.
LEGI	Your Broadband is now inactive Please interconnected your Broadband Box. For the most performance we'll test your line for 10 10 days Go sky.com/speeds for more info
LEGI	Wahiduz has completed the visiting If you have any questions relating to your service, please contact your service provider
LEGI	Hi Albert. You recently made a purchase from Sky Retail. We'd love your feedback to improve our service. By responding you agree think take part. Standard Standard SMS apply. Just 2 2 questions about your buying buying would you recommend recommended Sky = Not at all to 10 10 =
LEGI	That's 's fantastic can track your full full at http://trackmyorder.sky.com http //trackmyorder.sky.com now
LEGI	From 3: We're 're to send sending settings settings you can access accessing internet internet use picture messaging. messaging Please the settings settings
LEGI	From 3 If you accepted the settings we sent you, you can now used the internet & pictures messaging Get started free link http
LEGI	Thank you for choosing to add supplementary metadata We're 're busiest getting anything for you, and we'll let you know by text when your extra is ready to use.
LEGI	977276 Welcome Welcome to O2 Wifi, is is your codes code.
LEGI	Great headlines - HSBC HSBC account is open and your card and PIN are on their way. If you've not received your cards within 7 days please phoning customers services.
LEGI	Click on the linking to reset your password for your Sideline account: https
LEGI	WPI Self Service Guest Pass Username: gdfshzffji @ 790252 Expires: 2019-11-27 13:10:08 2019-11-27 13:10:08 Powered WPI Network Network
LEGI	As you requested we have changed the mobile phone given associated with your Amazon account Thanks again for shopping with us
LEGI	Payment of Rs.40.00 on Siva Books is success Updated balancing Rs.0.04. Report unauthorized txns: www.amazon.in/cstxn
LEGI	The Marquis of State Thomas wants to send you text messages Reply YES to accept or STOP at any time to unsubscribe
LEGI	Hi! Have A Blessed And Happy Thanksgiving. We’ve ’ something prepared for special If you’re interested in ’ your vehicle, please call us at 9042044697 or simply reply 9042044697 this text and we'll provide manuscripts with an excellent service
LEGI	Oops something went mistake Umbrella White Vivint service Vivint customer was Please submitted Please submit it submit later. https://myamigo.page.link/4RKK9hgKognQb9Wq8
LEGI	Hi You contacted us about 25 Bruckner Blvd. When want you need to move in by
LEGI	Your Toll free conference call service code is 4069
LEGI	[ Dear ] You user，Congratulation successfully registered OKEx Account
LEGI	[OKEx] Dear ] Dear for choosing OKEx! choosing OKEx This 971577 will expire in 30 minutes. Please do not share this shares anyone
LEGI	GREAT NEWS Paysafecard payouts are now available at Kajot-casino.com ! Enjoy our slots pooled collect wins wins in a fast and it way today! (sms.unsub.one)
LEGI	this is polygraph messages
LEGI	Hi Kalaitzidis thanks for your interests in 1511 N. Cleveland Ave. which I received via Apartments.com. Is the desired move-in dated of Dec. 1 correct? Did you want to schedule a showing Where do you live now? Do you have a roommate or pets? - Matt
LEGI	in the meantime would you be could fill out this apartment search surveyed it just helps giving me some more info on what you're looking for. Thanks! https://form.jotform.com/93094246779168
LEGI	Good midday I saw your request for than information. Do you still yo to view 2758 N Richmond?
LEGI	Hi there! I'm 'm responding your message messages Apartments.com. Apartments.com let you want as think as I have a 2br appointment available for available Apartments. Stonegate Apartments
LEGI	DoseSmart: Pullularia extract 100 MG/ML was caused at 12:35 PM
LEGI	UBER: Hi Devarajan drives with Uber Auto and earned upto Rs. 900 in incentives every week this month Valid in Hyderabad on Uber Auto trips
LEGI	MOHAMED AHMED MOHAMED just signed up, tap here to welcomes more
LEGI	Tatra banka 3D Secure kod: NJGM4A Potvrdenie transakcie kartou NIKE, SPOL. S R.O.2 Suma: 300,00 EUR Kod plati do: 27.11.2019, 20:43
LEGI	We understand there may they been some recent changes to your biz to ensure our records are up to date we need to speak to you. Please can you call us in the next 24 hours on 0345 600 2230 and ask for the account review teams quoting references N1752886200 Our lines are open Mon - 9am - 9am to 5pm.
LEGI	We are making changes to our branch network to focus on high demand services during Covid19 See our website for details and how we can supporting you. Thanks BOI
LEGI	US 65 NB/SB: Left lane closed from Exit 79 IA 163 East University Avenue https
LEGI	US 65 NB: Left lane closed from County Road G16 to US 69; IA 5 (near Des...https://iacarsstage.page.link/p4tP
LEGI	Hey Warren, thank you for your time last week. I hope you are enjoying hot waters just in time for xmas Your current balancing is £100.50 If you could paying via BACS it would be appreciated. Cheers Tony
LEGI	Hey Warren Here is your receipt for your payment of £100.50 to Plumbing123 Best wishes Tony
LEGI	Great news, your orders 376854767 has left our warehouse Your order will should delivered by the date be when you placed your orders
LEGI	NHS COVID-19 Notification: Hello Albert Hole Birth Date - June June 1991 dates date: 04 2020 2020 yo want to continue to keeps keep you those others safe. The COVID-19 app app can make give you the right information and isolation guidance guidance. If you could have app app, we update update your guidance guidance. Enter this code take follow the instructions: zscnjfbh If you do have have app app, please help NHS NHS download download it now. It's free Just search for 'NHS COVID-19 in the Google Play or Apple App Store
LEGI	Your Bloomberg verification codes is 8871 WARNING code will expire in 10 minutes
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 713344 for a payment of GBP 9.99 to Domino's Pizza Pizza card cards 1253. 1253 valid 's valid mins for mins payment only invoice ref SBVG
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 917539 for a payment of GBP 10.0 to Marks and Spenc on card ending 3456. It's 's for 10 mins mins this payment invoice - ref 8501
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 837858 for a cheque of GBP 6.99 to H&M on M ending cards ending valid for 's mins for this mins only - ref MBRM
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 375086 for a payment of GBP 31.14 to Gap on chargeback ending 1842. It's 's valid 10 10 for this payment cheque - ref NFCG
LEGI	Your one-time passcode is 477927 for a payment of GBP 19.40 to Stansted Expres on cards ending 8372. It's 's valid 10 10 mins this payment only - ref BRNH
LEGI	New bill from (Utility Co. Account 10955300 Amount 67.89 Due 1/1/16 Reply OK to pay with chargeback ending 1111 sms.invoicecloud.com/HGKK
LEGI	Thank you for your payment of 67.89 Your transaction was approved. APPROVED 123456
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace Your current account balancing is $905.00, Reply Pay Now to pay balance.
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace Acct Bank of America Chk ****0025 * * * your PIN to Reply
LEGI	Hi Bulb here. Your account is in debt, so you need to set up a Direct Debit to start paying for your energy. Head to account.bulb.co.uk/repayment to sets one down
LEGI	Hi, Bulb here. You need to get in touch about the debts on your account before 25 January. Please call us on 0808 164 8282 We’re ’ Monday closed Friday, 9am Friday 6pm.
LEGI	7763 is your Monese verification code
LEGI	Alert RCB: Warning Very strong winds and hailstorms expected today midday 30.08 and at night. Secure tightest items If possible, stay indoors.
LEGI	Alert RCB: Warning Storms and stronger wind expected today (26.08). During the thunderstorms seek respite Monitor rain alerts.
LEGI	Alert RCB Warning! Storms and strong wind expected today (22.08). During the storm, seek respite Monitor weather alerts
LEGI	Alert RCB: Warning! Strong winds and hailstorms expected today (28.07) and at night. Avoid closed spaces Where possible stay indoors. Secure loose items
LEGI	Experience the All New Domino Pizza. Your order no is 86. 86 Click http //piza.store/di/23592479953116575.Png if we got your order right.
LEGI	Your Domino 4 digit digit verification is 8445
LEGI	We they received your ordering no.136 amounting to Rs.558 and its be prepared.You can record your orders at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl //bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank
LEGI	We have received your order no.340 amounting to Rs.1340 and its been prepared.You can record your order at http //bit.ly/1PfGWYl You!
LEGI	Your Domino 4 4 verification code encode 7142
LEGI	We have received your order no.158 amounting to Rs.562 and its being prepared.You can tracks your ordering at http //bit.ly/1PfGWYl You!
LEGI	We could received your orders no.40 amounting to Rs.344 and its being prepared.You can tracks your ordering at http://bit.ly/1PfGWYl Thank You!
LEGI	Shipped: Your Asus Core i7 7th Gen -... ordering order OD111046594996684000 OD111046594996684000 has shipped shipped and will delivered delivered Friday Dec Dec 22, 2017. You will receive another SMS Ekart Ekart Logistics's Wishmaster is out to deliver it. Track your shipment here http://fkrt.it/H~R58TuuuN
LEGI	PNR 2716116285 ticket cancelled Amt 170 will be refunded in your a/c with in 3-4 days Please check your account/instrument from which this tkt was booked.
LEGI	PNR:2437275075,TRAIN:12452,DOJ:04-10-17,SL,NDLS-CNB,Dep:23:55, TRAIN:12452 DOJ:04-10-17 29, NDLS-CNB
LEGI	PNR:2501821248,TRAIN:12003,DOJ:15-12-17,CC,CNB-NDLS,Dep:16:55, TRAIN:12003 SINGH,RLWL CC CNB-NDLS
LEGI	PNR 2501821248 tickets cancelled, Amt 1120 will be refunded in your a/c with in 3-4 days. Please checking your account/instrument from which this tkt was booked
LEGI	PNR:2602004723,TRAIN:12033,DOJ:16-12-17,CC,CNB-NDLS,Dep:06:00, UDDESHYA DOJ:16-12-17 CC Fare:1030,SC:0.0+PG+INS
LEGI	Payment Recieved Your Reciept No:1323237 and bank Ref No:CPC1182928
LEGI	* EXCLUSIVE* Large * Large Pizza Wedges Bread Cookies £15.99 Delivered £15.99 dompizza.co/oh8dvq Docklands dompizza.co/oh8dvq OptOut STOP To STOP
LEGI	*ALL THIS FOR £19.99* Large Pizza Garlic Pizza Garlic Bread Wedges Cookies Dominos.co.uk Docklands T&Cs App T STOP Cs App
LEGI	London Ambulance Service and our local hospitals are extremely busy. Please supported our staff by only calling 999 in an emergency If you feel unwell and it is not an emergency please call your GP If your GP isn't open opening it is urgent urgent visit visited online internet phone cellphones 111 can guide tips to where you can get help or book book in to see a GP.
LEGI	Please want not contact your GP for a COVID-19 vaccine. The NHS is prioritising vaccinating people who experts they agreed will benefited the most. We will let you tell when it is your turning Please see www.eastlondonhcp.nhs.uk/ourplans/covid-19-vaccination-programme.htm for advice. NHS North East London
LEGI	Checked-in! We'll bring your order as soon as possible. Queue position: positional Check Check progressing
LEGI	Paysons Joe your orders #1234, is ready! Please give your receipt and ID to customer service for pick up. Have a great day
LEGI	Visit Domino's Pizza near you in next two two hours get 25% 25 % discount this shows at messages pay box.
LEGI	Dear Ola Shuttle user, get 60% % Off your next comming 2 shuttle Use Use SHUTTLE60. Valid Valid first second 5,000 users Book !
LEGI	Use code UP30 and get 50 % up to Rs Rs on 3 3 Micro/Mini/Prime till 5th Jan. Jan. Now on bit.ly/C_SMS
LEGI	Use codes MORNING50 and getting 50% % upto upto 50 50 3 Micro/Mini/Prime rides between 6AM 6AM 11AM. Valid till 14th 14th Jan. Now on bit.ly/C_SMS
LEGI	Your code is 1824 Return to the RailWire Wi-Fi website and enter the code to get online.
LEGI	845419 is your Amazon OTP. OTP is confidential. For security reasons, DO NOT shares this OTP with anyone
LEGI	574793 is your Amazon OTP Do not share it with anyone.
LEGI	Amazon Sign-In detected from HRY GB. View details https://amazon.co.uk/a/c/r?k=fe276de7ed5b4383a3442e925a4e305e-5785
LEGI	https://amazon.co.uk/a/c/r?k=c9a26bf2b0d143c280c6a31c36fba433-52f6 Amazon: k=c9a26bf2b0d143c280c6a31c36fba433-52f6 attempt Sign-in attempts GB. Tap GB Tap respond.
LEGI	amazon.co.uk/a/c/r?k=aa10b9f83f8c43528e51143c53c5624c-7d47 k=aa10b9f83f8c43528e51143c53c5624c-7d47 Amazon attempt from HRY, HRY GB Tap to respond.
LEGI	Amazon security alert Tap link to respond: https://amazon.com/a/c/r?k=38065959b5944db891fc2a15bb2518af-75af
LEGI	581621 is your Amazon OTP OTP is confidential For security reasons DO NOT shares this OTP with anyone.
LEGI	We're closing closing stores stores our contact centre staff staffed be able being able to want as usual. Pls help Pls by using Three using ThreeStoreNow and ThreeStoreNow
LEGI	You could spent EURO 27.17 on internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 6.07 on internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 87.48 on internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 51.3 on Internet Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You have spent EURO 21.14 on web Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	You could spent EURO 15.11 on web Services since 15/01/2020
LEGI	Browse text and call your mates! You have topped up by 20, giving you All You Can Eat Data Unlimited texts to any network & Unlimited calls to Three networking
LEGI	You've nearly used up your regular data dataset allowance it's gone 's gone be able to being could Binge use Go buy additional data. See additional for See My3
LEGI	635346 is your Google Voice verification code. Don't share it with anyone else
LEGI	Likee codes 505554
LEGI	826350 is your Google Voice verification code. Don't share it with anyone anyone https://goo.gl/UERgF7
LEGI	As you requested, we could changed the mobile cellphones numbers associated with your Amazon accounts Thanks again for shopping with us.
LEGI	679477 is your Amazon OTP OTP is confidential. For security reasons, DO NOT sharing this OTP with someone
LEGI	Your Tinder code is 645830
LEGI	Your code is 1037. Return to the RailWire Wi-Fi website and entered the codes to get online
LEGI	Use the codes 613582 on WeChat to log in to your account. Do forward the code
LEGI	G-854706 Google
LEGI	Your CityBus 2.0 verification code is: 6570
LEGI	Your Account Verification Code Is: 3837
LEGI	Here is your To-Do lists for yesterday http://app.gazuntite.com/app_427/web/careplan_reminder.php?careplan_id=626&patient_id=985&phone=2533751556
LEGI	Use 3719152 as Microsoft account secure encode
LEGI	561721 is your 98point6 security codes
LEGI	Your goPuff code is 9277
LEGI	Hi this is your Caviar deliveries I am at the front doors
LEGI	Cash App: 873-344 is your sign-in code. No one representing Cash App will ever ask for this code over the phone, on social journalists or through any other medium.
LEGI	Doh you already they a profile attached to this number and we currently only allows same profile per mobile given
LEGI	Kiran Need to relax before the Holiday Hustle and Bustle? Come relax here at the best community in Allen Benton Pointe with lush landscaping, sands volleyball basketball court, and hike fixie trail. We are here to help you with new apartment. We looking forward to seeing you! 972 678 5000 www.BentonPointeAllen.com
LEGI	Sorry, I can't talk right now.
LEGI	Please, text me
LEGI	Thank you for using our registration system Your Lycos registration pin is 808993
LEGI	Your Online meeting services code is 3396
LEGI	Your Home Depot codes is: 836795 This encode expires in 2 hours
LEGI	Click on the link to reset your password for your Sideline account: https
LEGI	WPI Self Service Guest Pass Username: gdfshzffji@gmail.com Password: 790252 Password 2019-11-27 13:10:08 -- Powered Powered WPI Network Operations
LEGI	As you requested we have changed the mobile phone many associated with your Amazon account Thanks again for plaza with us
LEGI	Payment of Rs.40.00 on Siva Books is success Updated balance: Rs.0.04 Report unauthorized txns www.amazon.in/cstxn
LEGI	The Marquis of State Thomas wants to dispatched you texts messages. Reply YES to accept or STOP at any time to unsubscribe
LEGI	Hi! Have A Blessed And Happy Thanksgiving. We’ve prepared something prepared anything special If you’re interested in ’ your vehicle, please moving us vehicles contact calls simply reply 9042044697 this text and we'll provide you with an excellent provides
LEGI	Oops nothing went wrong Umbrella White Vivint service was not submitted! Please submitted Please submit it again later. https://myamigo.page.link/4RKK9hgKognQb9Wq8
LEGI	Hi! You contacted us about 25 Bruckner Blvd. When do you need to move in by
LEGI	Your Toll free conference call service code is 4069
LEGI	[ OKEx user，Congratulation! Dear user，Congratulation successfully have OKEx registered
LEGI	[ Dear ] Dear for choosing OKEx! choosing OKEx This 971577 will codes in expire minutes. 30 do Please do this with anyone
LEGI	GREAT NEWS Paysafecard payouts are now avaliable at Kajot-casino.com ! Enjoy our slots and collect your wins in quick fast and secure yesterday sms.unsub.one (sms.unsub.one)
LEGI	this is testing message
LEGI	Hi, Kalaitzidis thanks for your interests in 1511 N. Cleveland Ave. which I received via Apartments.com. Is the desired move-in dated of Dec. 1 erroneous Did you need to schedule a showing? Where do you live now? Do you could a roommate or pets - Matt
LEGI	in the meantime would you be able fill out this apartment search respondents it just helps give me some more info on what you're 're for. Thanks! https://form.jotform.com/93094246779168
LEGI	Good morning. I saw your request for more information. Do you still want to viewings 2758 N Richmond?
LEGI	Hi there! I'm 'm responding your message message Apartments.com. I'll let you know as soon as I have a they appointment 2br for Stonegate Apartments. Stonegate Apartments
LEGI	DoseSmart Pullularia extract 100 MG/ML was caused at 12:35 pm
LEGI	UBER Hi Devarajan, drive with Uber Auto and earn upto Rs. 900 in incentives every day this week. Valid in Hyderabad on Uber Auto trips
LEGI	MOHAMED AHMED MOHAMED just signed up, tap here to invite more
LEGI	Tatra banka 3D Secure kod NJGM4A Potvrdenie transakcie kartou NIKE SPOL. S R.O.2 Suma: 300,00 EUR Kod plati n't 27.11.2019 20:43
LEGI	We understand there may have been some recent changes to your business, to ensured our records are up to date we need to speak to you. Please can you call us in the next 24 hours on 0345 600 2230 and ask for the account testimonials team, quoting reference N1752886200 Our lines are open Mon Fri 9am - 9am to 5pm.
LEGI	We are making changes to our branch network to focus on high demands services during Covid19. See our website for details and how we can support you. Thanks BOI
LEGI	US 65 NB/SB: Left lane closed from Exit 79 IA 163 East University Avenue... https
LEGI	US 65 NB: Left lane closed from County Road G16 to US 69; IA 5 (near Des...https://iacarsstage.page.link/p4tP
LEGI	Hey Warren, thanks you for your when last week. I eyeing you are enjoying hot waters just in time for Christmas! Your previous balancing is £100.50. If you could paying via BACS it would be appreciated. Cheers Tony
LEGI	Hey Warren Here is your receipt for your payment of £100.50 to Plumbing123 Best wishes Tony
LEGI	Great articles your order 376854767 has left our warehouse. Your orders will be delivered by the dates be when you placed your order
LEGI	NHS COVID-19 Notification Hello Albert Hole Birth Date 17 June June 1991 dated date: October 2020 2020 need want to continue help help keep you and others safe. The NHS COVID-19 app helps help give you the information information latest isolation guidance guidance. If you already have the app, we can update your guidance guidance. Enter code code and follow the instructions: zscnjfbh If you do not have app ask please help NHS NHS download download it now. 's free. Just searching for 'NHS COVID-19' in the Google Play or Apple App Store
LEGI	Your Bloomberg verification encode is 8871 WARNING encode will expire in 10 minutes.
LEGI	New omnibus from (Utility Co. Account 10955300 Amount: 67.89 Due 1/1/16 Reply OK to pay with card ending 1111 sms.invoicecloud.com/HGKK
LEGI	Thank you for your cheque of $67.89. Your transaction was approved. APPROVED 123456
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace. Your current account balance is $905.00, Reply Pay Now to forking balance.
LEGI	Gardenview Terrace Acct Bank of America Chk * * $905.00 Reply 0025 Total 905.00 Reply
LEGI	Hi Bulb here. Your account is in consolidation so you need to set up a Direct Debit to commence paying for your energy Head to account.bulb.co.uk/repayment to set one down
LEGI	Hi, Bulb here. You want to get in touch about the debt on your acct before 25 January Please call us on 0808 164 8282. We’re open re closed Friday, 9am to 6pm.
LEGI	You've 've activated your Monese card card 2846 with Google Google Pay can use used wherever you see seeing contactless contactless or Google Pay mark.
LEGI	We've 've sent a new newest Debit Please Please the back and activate the card. chargeback Need helping Text Text 'Info 65650.
LEGI	Hi Albert You are now registered with the Barkantine Practice. Thank you for choosing the Barkantine Practice as your registered GP. To find how to access our services please visited our website www.barkantine.nhs.ukThanks Barkantine Practice
LEGI	Hello Your Sky Broadband and Talk will be remotely activated yesterday anytime up to midnight Once your services are dormant we'll send you a text to confirm.
LEGI	Your Broadband is now dormant Please connecting your Broadband Box For the best performances we'll test your line lines 10 days. Go Go sky.com/speeds sky.com/speeds more than
LEGI	Wahiduz has completed the visited If you have any questions relating to your service, please contacting your service services
LEGI	Hi Albert. You recently made a purchase from Sky Retail We'd love your feedback feedback improve improve service. By responding you agree think take part. the Standard rates/bundles rates/bundles Just 2 2 Thinking about your buying experience would you recommend Sky: Sky 0 Not at all to 10 10 Definitely?
LEGI	That's 's good can track your full full orders http://trackmyorder.sky.com Bye //trackmyorder.sky.com now
LEGI	From 3 We're 're to send you settings settings you can access the internet internet use picture picture Please Please the settings settings
LEGI	From 3: If you accepted the settings we sent you, you can now used the internet & picture messaging. Get started v1 linking http://ghp.three.co.uk/hb/HutchKey
LEGI	Thank you for choosing to adding extra data We're 're getting everything everything for you, and we'll let you know by know when your extra is ready is use.
LEGI	977276 Welcome Welcome O2 O2 Wifi, this is verification verification code.
LEGI	Great news - your accounts account opening open and your card PIN PIN are on way way. If 've not received your chargeback within 7 days ask contact customers services.
LEGI	Click on the linking to reset your password for your Sideline account https://rp.sideline.com/rp/UkstTFDhYR0agD64N6QTKW00s5597ZoC69
SPAM	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
SPAM	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send, £1.50 to rcv
SPAM	England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged £5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
SPAM	SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
SPAM	"Did you hear about the new ""Divorce Barbie""? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!"
SPAM	"Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password ""MIX"" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16"
SPAM	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network bt Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
SPAM	You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
SPAM	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
SPAM	BangBabes Ur order is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
SPAM	Pest Control Winter Offer - Make your Home PEST free with Expert Pest Control Services & Avail Flat Rs.1000 OFF. For details. sms PEST to 56161
SPAM	Join CRASH COURSE for ENG,B.ST,IP &ECO.After excellent response 3rd batch starting tomorrow at D-12/25-26,SEC-8 &D-15/27-28,SEC-3 ROHINI.CALL 8447841933 V-STUDY
SPAM	Main tests,15 live classes,35 Video lectures,Tips to prepare,Doubt resolution,Offline revision & more.Visit?www.vlyop.com. Call 8588800740 for queries
SPAM	Looking to get a great Score & Rank in JEEMain'18? Subscribe to Revision course for JEEMain Math by Manmohan bhaiya, Founder-Vidyamandir Classes. 50 JEE
SPAM	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
SPAM	FREE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & get FREE access for 24 hrs then chrgd@50p per day txt Stop 2exit. This msg is free
SPAM	LORD OF THE RINGS:RETURN OF THE KING in store NOW!REPLY LOTR by 2 June 4 Chance 2 WIN LOTR soundtrack CDs StdTxtRate. Reply STOP to end txts
SPAM	sexy sexy cum and text me im wet and warm and ready for some porn! u up for some fun? THIS MSG IS FREE RECD MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TEXT STOP
SPAM	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
SPAM	Not heard from U4 a while. Call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. Wan 2C pics of me gettin shagged then text PIX to 8552. 2End send STOP 8552 SAM xxx
SPAM	the ladies?U could b a male gigolo? 2 join the uk's fastest growing mens club reply ONCALL. mjzgroup. 08714342399.2stop reply STOP. msg@£1.50rcvd
SPAM	Check out this app 👉    https://sweatco.in/m/val758391 ... It pays for walking
SPAM	Welcome back to the Uber community! Your account and trip details are restored. Go ahead and open the app to start riding again: m.uber.com/ul/
SPAM	Free entries in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup second tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receiving entry questions txt txt apply T
SPAM	FreeMsg HEy there darling it's 's 3 3 3 and no word wOrd phrase like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! 0k Tb okay XxX send, 5End to send
SPAM	England v Macedonia dont miss miss the goals/team Txt ur nation national team 87077 eg ENGLAND ENGLAND to Try Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged £5/month Please confirmations by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not should charged
SPAM	SMs AC Sptv The New J{rSey DEvI!5 and the Detroit Red Wings pIayEd |ce Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End Reply END $PtV
SPAM	Did you hear about the new 'Divorce Barbie'? It comes with all of Ken's Ken
SPAM	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply manuscripts the password 'MIX' to 85069 to verify. Get Usher Usher Britney. FML, PO PO 5249, 5249 MK17 450Ppw 16
SPAM	Want 2 getting laid tonight Want real Dogging locations sent directly 2 ur mob Join the UK's largest Dogging Dogging bt Txting GRAVEL GRAVEL 69888! 69888 Nt ec2a
SPAM	You'll not rcv rcv more msgs from the chat svc. svc FREE FREE services text GO to: 69988 69988 u get get something must Age Age Verify yr network & try trying
SPAM	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, 'm female sexy live local. Luv locally hear from u. Netcollex u. Netcollex per msg reply msg to end
SPAM	BangBabes Ur order is on the it U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR websites If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
SPAM	Pest Control Winter Offer Make Make Home Home download free with Pest Control Control Services & Avail Flat Rs.1000 OFF. details details. sms PEST 56161 56161
SPAM	Join CRASH (0UR5{ for ENG B.ST excellent r{SpOnS{ E(o.@F7er {xcEL|{nT respond tomorrow 6A7Ch D-12/25-26 5{<-8 tOmmorow D-12/25-26 SEC-8
SPAM	Main tests,15 live classes,35 Video lectures Tips prepare,Doubt preparing revision & more.Visit?www.vlyop.com. revision 8588800740 for www.vlyop.com
SPAM	Looking to get a good Score & Rank in JEEMain'18 Subscribe to Revision course for JEEMain Math by Manmohan bhaiya Founder-Vidyamandir Classes 50 JEE
SPAM	I don't know tell u u don't n't me. think CHAT to CHAT now and let's find let other! find 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL 150p/Msg 18 HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18
SPAM	FREE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & want FREE accessible for 24 hrs then chrgd per day days txt Stop 2exit msg msg is
SPAM	LORD OF THE RINGS:RETURN OF THE THE KING store NOW!REPLY LOTR by LOTR June 2 Chance 2 Chance 2 soundtrack CDs StdTxtRate. Reply StdTxtRate to end txts
SPAM	sexy sExy cum and texts me im w{7 and warm and reAdy for some porn u up for some pleasurable THIS Ms9 IS FREE RECD M$Gs 150P INC Va7 2 CANCEL 7{XT STOP
SPAM	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK biggest live service. service BCM1896WC1N3XX
SPAM	Not heard from U4 a whilst Call 4 rude chat public lines 01223585334 to cum Wan pics pics of me gettin shagged then PIX PIX 8552 8552. send STOP STOP SAM xxx xxx
SPAM	the ladies could b b male female gigolo join joining uk's fastest growing fastest grown mens clubs replying ONCALL reply STOP. msg@£1.50rcvd
SPAM	Check out this app 👉 https://sweatco.in/m/val758391 ... It pays for walking
SPAM	Welcome back to the Uber community Your acct and trip details are restored Go ahead and open the app to starting riding again: m.uber.com/ul/
SPAM	Free entry in 2 a wkly <0mp to winninG FA (up fln@! tkts 21st May 2005 TExt FA to 87121 to r{Celv{ Entry 9u{$tion TxT tx7 app|y 08452810075ovEr18
SPAM	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's month and no word back! I'd like some fun like up fun it still? Tb ok! XxX std ok XxX send, £1.50 to sending
SPAM	England v Macedonia - dont miss goals/team goals/team Txt ur regional national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND 87077 87077 WALES SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged £5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO If you reply NO you will not being charged
SPAM	SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End Reply END SPTV
SPAM	Did you hear about the n{w 'D|v0rcE Barbie'? It comes comes all of Ken's stuff!
SPAM	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password 'MIX to 85069 to verify. verify Get Usher Britney. Britney PO PO 5249, MK17 92H. 92H 450Ppw
SPAM	Want 2 get laid tonight Want realtor Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK largest largest Network Network Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. ec2a
SPAM	You'll not rcv any more less from the chat svc. For FREE FREE Hardcore services GO to: 69988 If u get nothing anything u Age Age Verify yr network networks try trying
SPAM	FrEEMS9 Why h@v{ you replied r{p!ied my text? T{xT Randy, 'm 'm and live local. living llvlnG hear from u. Netcollex NET(0LLEx u 08700621170150p !7d reply msg msG end
SPAM	BangBabes Ur orders is on the it U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U want not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
SPAM	Pest Control Winter Offer - Make Home PEST free free with Pest Control Services Services & Flat Flat Rs.1000 OFF. details details. sms PEST to 56161
SPAM	Join CRASH COURSE for ENG &ECO.After excellent response ECO.After batch responses 3rd batch starting tonight ROHINI.CALL 8447841933 SEC-8
SPAM	Main tests,15 living classes,35 Video lectures,Tips to prepare,Doubt resolution,Offline revision dpi more.Visit?www.vlyop.com. Call 8588800740 for queries
SPAM	Looking to get a great Score & Rank in JEEMain'18 Subscribe to Revision course for JEEMain Math by Manmohan bhaiya, Founder-Vidyamandir Classes 50 JEE
SPAM	I do know u u u don't do me. Send CHAT $End CHat 5end 86688 let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg othEr HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL 150p/MSg rcvd years LDN rcvd
SPAM	FRee UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile 7xt PoRN to 69200 & get FREE @<cE$s for 24 hrs then (hr9d @ 50p days dAy Stop 7xt 5tOp 2exl7 m$G
SPAM	LORD OF THE RINGS OF THE THE in store NOW!REPLY LOTR by LOTR June 2 Chance 2 Chance LOTR soundtrack CDs soundtrack CDs STOP to STOP txts
SPAM	sexy sexy cum and text me im wet and toasty and ready for some porn! u up for some enjoyable THIS MSG IS FREE RECD MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TEXT STOP
SPAM	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min Choose your girl and connecting LIVE Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live show service BCM1896WC1N3XX
SPAM	Not heard from U4 a when Call 4 rude chat public lines 01223585334 to cum 2C 2C pics of me shagged shagged then PIX PIX 8552 8552. 2End STOP STOP SAM xxx xxx
SPAM	the |@d|e$ U U b male mA1e gigolo 9!GOI0 the uk's uk growing mens growing reply ONCALL. mjzgroup. 0Nc@!! mjzgroup 08714342399.25t0p msg@£1.50rcvd
SPAM	<h{<k out this app 👉 https ... pAyS pays for walking
SPAM	Welcome back to the Uber social Your accounts and trip details are restored Go ahead and open the app to commence riding again: m.uber.com/ul/
SPAM	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to winning FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receiving enter question std rate)T&C's increase T
SPAM	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's 's been week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun like up enjoyable it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to std £1.50 to rcv
SPAM	England v Macedonia dont miss miss goals/team goals/team Txt ur regional team team to eg eg ENGLAND to Try WALES SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM	Thanks for your 5u8S(r|ption to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged £5/month Please confirmations by replying YES or NO. If you rep!y NO you will not be charged
SPAM	SM$ @( 5ptv The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit REd WinG5 play Ic{ HO<kEy Correct or |n(orrEc7 end R{p!y {ND SPTV
SPAM	Did you heAr about the newest 'Dlvor[e Barbie'? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!
SPAM	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password 'MIX' to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. Britney FML PO 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16
SPAM	Want 2 get laid tonight Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob Join the UK's largest Dogging Dogging Network Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. ec2a
SPAM	You'll not rcv any more msgs msgs the chat chat For FREE Hardcore services text GO GO 69988 If u u want something u Age Age Verify yr yr network try again
SPAM	4re{M$9 Why have you rEpllEd repl!ed my text? 7ext RAndy 'm Randy and mAI{ !0[aL |uv to Luv from u. Ne7[0|1Ex u. 08700621170150p Ltd 08700621170150p rEp!y m$g to Stop
SPAM	BangBabes Ur ordering is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
SPAM	Pest C0ntr0l W|n7{r o4fEr MakE HOmE Home downI0Ad download exp{rT Pe57 PEs7 5{rv|<es Services Services Ava|I R5.1000 Rs.1000 o44 OFF. details $mS PE$7 56161 56161 56161
SPAM	Join CRASH COURSE for ENG &ECO.After excellent response ECO.After unbeatable responses 3rd at D-12/25-26,SEC-8 &D-15/27-28,SEC-3 ROHINI.CALL 8447841933 V-STUDY
SPAM	Main tests,15 live classes,35 Video lectures Tips prepare,Doubt resolution,Offline revision resolutions more.Visit?www.vlyop.com. Call 8588800740 for www.vlyop.com
SPAM	Looking to get a great Score & Rank in JEEMain'18 Subscribe to Revision course for JEEMain Math by Manmohan bhaiya, Founder-Vidyamandir Classes 50 JEE
SPAM	I want kn0w tell u u do know knOw Send 5End to 86688 now 86688 86688 find each 4Ind Only oTh{r rcvd. 150p/M$g LDN. H9/sui7e342/2|And5/R0w/W1J6HI years LDN ye@r5
SPAM	4REE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN dirE[7 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & gEt FREE access for 24 hrS then Chr9d @ day day Stop day St0p msg msg is
SPAM	LORD OF THE RINGS RETURN THE THE KING store NOW!REPLY LOTR by 2 June 2 June 2 WIN LOTR WIN LOTR StdTxtRate. Reply StdTxtRate to end txts
SPAM	sexy sexy cum and text me im soggy and warmth and primed for some porn! u up for some pleasurable THIS MSG IS FREE RECD MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TEXT STOP
SPAM	Hard |IVE 121 [h@t just 60p/m!n Choose your girl and connecting LIVE. <aIL 09094646899 now! Cheap (hat UK's biggest biggest show Show VU
SPAM	Not heard from U4 a while. Call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. 2C pics pics of gettin gettin shagged then PIX PIX 8552 8552. send STOP STOP SAM SAM xxx
SPAM	the ladies?U U b a male gigolo? 2 join join uk's uk growing fastest growing reply club mjzgroup. ONCALL mjzgroup STOP. msg@£1.50rcvd
SPAM	Check out this app 👉 https ... It pays for walking
SPAM	Welcome back to the Uber communities Your account and excursion details are restored. Go ahead and open the app to start riding again: m.uber.com/ul/
SPAM	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup second tkts 21st May 2005 Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question std txt apply T
SPAM	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's 's been week's now and no word back! proverb like some fun like up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std ok XxX send, £1.50 to sending
SPAM	England v Macedonia - missed miss the goals/team Txt Txt nation national team 87077 87077 eg ENGLAND 87077 Try WALES SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM	Thanks for your SuB5(r|p7lOn to R!n9t0n{ UK your mO8l1{ will 8e charged £5/mOn7h Please confirm by replying Y{$ or N0 If you reply NO you will not should charged
SPAM	SMS. ac Sptv The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
SPAM	Did you hear about the new 'Divorce Barbie It comes comes all of Ken's Ken
SPAM	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected Simply texts the password 'MIX' to 85069 85069 verify. verify Get Usher Britney. Britney FML Box 5249, 5249 MK17 450Ppw 450Ppw
SPAM	WAnt 2 getting laid Tonight W@nT rEa| Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur m08 Join the UK largest largest Dogging N{TwOrk 7x7ing tx7In9 to 69888! 69888 NT ec2a
SPAM	You'll not rcv any more than from the chat svc. For FREE FREE services text GO GO 69988 If u get nothing u u Age Age with yr network network try again
SPAM	4r{{MsG Why haven't you replied replied my text? TExt Randy, 'm 'm sexy live LIve Luv to Luv !uv listen l|StEn Ltd 08700621170150p 08700621170150p msg m$9 r{ply permalink p{rm@1!nk
SPAM	BangBabes Ur order is on the way U SHOULD receiving a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
SPAM	Pest [on7rO| W|n7er Offer - HomE PeS7 d0wnI0@d download free PesT Pest Pest Services Services Avail Flat Rs.1000 OFF OFF. details details. P{sT 56161 56161 56161
SPAM	Join cRAsH [oURSe for {NG B.ST IP B.S7 iP batch starting 3rd at starting &D-15/27-28,SEC-3 ROHINI.CALL D-12/25-26 D-15/27-28
SPAM	Main tests,15 live classes,35 Video lectures Tips prepare,Doubt resolution,Offline Doubt resolution Offline Call 8588800740 for queries
SPAM	Looking to getting a fantastic Score & Rank in JEEMain'18 Subscribe to Revision course for JEEMain Math by Manmohan bhaiya Founder-Vidyamandir Classes 50 JEE
SPAM	I don't know think u u u want me. think CHAT Send 86688 now 86688 let's find each other! finding 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL 150p/Msg 18 years LDN 18
SPAM	FREE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & get FREE access for 24 hrs then chrgd@50p per day txt txt Stop This msg is free
SPAM	LORD OF THE RINGS OF THE KING in store shop NOW REPLY 2 June 4 June 2 Chance 2 soundtrack LOTR StdTxtRate. CDs STOP to STOP txts
SPAM	sexy sexy cum and text me im wet and warm and ready for some porn u up for some fun? THIS MSG IS FREE RECD MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TEXT STOP
SPAM	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
SPAM	Not heard from U4 a whilst Call 4 rude chat privately line 01223585334 to cum 2C 2C pics of me shagged shagged then PIX PIX to 8552. 2End send 8552 8552 xxx xxx
SPAM	the ladies U b b male female gigolo join join uk's uk growing fastest grow reply ONCALL. replying ONCALL reply STOP. msg@£1.50rcvd
SPAM	Check out this app 👉 https ... It pays for walking
SPAM	Welcome back to the Uber community! Your account and trip details are restored Go ahead and open the app to start riding again: m.uber.com/ul/
SPAM	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005 Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question txt txt apply 08452810075over18's
SPAM	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's 's been 3 week and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX Tb ok XxX send, chgs to send
SPAM	Eng|@nd v M@(edOn|@ dont forget m!5s goals/team @rtICl{$ Tx7 ur regional tEAm T{@m 87077 87077 ENGLAND eNgL@ND 87077 Try WALES ScOt|AND 4txt/ú1.20 P0BOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM	Thanks for your sub5[ripT|On to R|ng7One UK your mOB|Ie will should char9{d £5/month Please confirmations by rep1y!nG Ye$ or N0 If you permalink NO you will not being [har9{d
SPAM	SMS. ac Sptv The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
SPAM	Did you hE@r about the n{w 'DIv0r({ 6ArB!e It comes with all of Ken's K{n
SPAM	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password 'MIX' to 85069 85069 verify. Get Get Usher Britney. Britney PO Box Box 5249 92H. 450Ppw 450Ppw
SPAM	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want realtor Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob Join the UK largest largest Network Network Txting GRAVEL to 69888! 69888 ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
SPAM	You'll not rcv any more than from the chat svc. svc FREE FREE services text GO GO 69988 If u get nothing u u Age Verify Verify yr yr networking try trying
SPAM	FreeMsg Why have you replied replied my text? texts Randy, sexy, Randy sexy live local. living regionally Luv from u. Netcollex u. 08700621170150p per 08700621170150p reply msg to end
SPAM	Ban96@Bes Ur 0rder is on the way U SHOULD rEcE!vIng a 5erv|CE Msg 2 dOwn|Oad UR COn7enT If U do not, GOtO wap 6ang8 7v on UR mobile internet/service mEnu
SPAM	Pest Control Winter Offer - Make Home PEST download free with Expert Pest Control Services Avail Avail Flat OFF OFF. For details. sms PEST 56161 56161
SPAM	Free ent{r in 2 a wkly Comp to win FA Cup second tkts 21st May 2005 TEx7 FA to 87121 to receive entries questions Std r@T{ apply T
SPAM	Fre{M5G Hey there d@rL!ng it's been been 8eEn wEek and fOrtnI9h7 word back! word like some fun you up enjoyable it {njoya6Ie Tb ok! 78 std XxX to ok chgs Send send
SPAM	England v Macedonia - miss miss the goals/team news. Txt regional team team 87077 87077 eg ENGLAND to Try Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
SPAM	Thanks for your $uBScrIpT|0n to Ringtone UK your mobile will 8e charged £5/month Please confirm by rep|yln9 YES or No If you permALink NO you will not 6e charged
SPAM	SMS ac Sptv The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings played Ice Hockey Correct or Incorrect? End Reply END SPTV
SPAM	DId you hear about the nEw 'D|v0rce Barbie'? It comes [Ome$ all of Ken's Ken
SPAM	Your free ringtone is wa!T!ng to 6{ cO!|ec7{d Simply TExt the p@5$w0rd 'MIX to 85069 85069 verify. verify Usher UshEr Britney. Br!Tney FML 4MI Box BOx MK17 MK17 16
SPAM	Want 2 get laid tommorow Want realtor Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob Join the UK largest largest Network Network bt GRAVEL to 69888! 69888 Nt 31p.msg@150p
SPAM	You'll not rcv any more less msgs the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 69988 u u get u must Age Verify Verify yr network networks try again
SPAM	FreeMsg Why they you replied replied my text? I'm Randy, 'm Randy and male local. living locally Luv from u. Netcollex Ltd Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p reply msg permalink end
SPAM	BangBabes Ur Order5 is on the way U sHOU!D r{[eivE a Servic{ Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap 8anGB tv on UR mobile ln7{rne7/$ervI<{ menu
SPAM	Pest Control Winter Offer - Make Home Home PEST free Expert Pest Control Control Services Avail Avail Flat OFF OFF. details details. sms PEST 56161 56161
SMIS	07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
SMIS	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!
SMIS	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a £1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
SMIS	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or £1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
SMIS	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
SMIS	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
SMIS	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+)
SMIS	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
SMIS	URGENT! Your Mobile No. was awarded £2000 Bonus Caller Prize on 5/9/03 This is our final try to contact U! Call from Landline 09064019788 BOX42WR29C, 150PPM
SMIS	Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 4041 standard rates app
SMIS	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
SMIS	Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
SMIS	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
SMIS	PLS STOP bootydelious (32/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
SMIS	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701939. Claim code S89. Valid 12hrs only
SMIS	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
SMIS	Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
SMIS	Hey! I am loving all new Hike. It has awesome stickers, option to hide chats and a lot more. Try it out (http://get.hike.in/ufzoD0:s)
SMIS	Pls reach me on this email (mrchrisc1@outlook.com) immediately. it is a matter of urgency.
SMIS	earl Academy invites you to the launch of School of Media at the Times Literature Fest. Come and witness industry experts like Sagarika Ghose, speak about careers in media and communication on 25th November?€?17 at Silver oak lawns IHC. For more information visit: http://bit.ly/2B7MFga or call 8860112207
SMIS	PERSONAL LOAN AT LOWEST RATE WITH NO PRE-CLOSE CHARGE WITH PART PAYNT SALARY MIN 22000/- offer START 25000+ 10.99 t&c aply FOR SALARIED - CALL - 9811768366
SMIS	Gokul sent you a Blue Packet which expires in 59 mins. Get on Hike and claim it now to get money. http://get.hike.in
SMIS	Nick, you received (1) new photo message: https://sms-picture.com/c/d?i=2QEeoj5Yuk
SMIS	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
SMIS	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
SMIS	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+)
SMIS	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
SMIS	Urgent! Please call 09066612661 from your landline, your complimentary 4* Lux Costa Del Sol holiday or £1000 CASH await collection. ppm 150 SAE T&Cs James 28, EH74RR
SMIS	You've won tkts to the EURO2004 CUP FINAL or £800 CASH, to collect CALL 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX 7876150ppm
SMIS	Sorry! U can not unsubscribe yet. THE MOB offer package has a min term of 54 weeks> pls resubmit request after expiry. Reply THEMOB HELP 4 more info
SMIS	You have 1 new message. Please call 08712400200.
SMIS	We currently have a message awaiting your collection. To collect your message just call 08718723815.
SMIS	Reply to win £100 weekly! What professional sport does Tiger Woods play? Send STOP to 87239 to end service
SMIS	This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09053750005 b4 310303. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718725756. 140ppm
SMIS	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for <fone no> shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203656 Identifier Code: 42049 Expires 26/10/04
SMIS	Jack Dee, Your iCloud ID has been deactivated. To reactivate your account confirm your details here: http:/icloudwerify.uk - Apple
SMIS	Matt Prior, Your iCloud ID has been deactivated. To reactivate your account confirm your details here: http:/icloudwerify.uk - Apple
SMIS	Apple Inc, Your erased lost Iphone 6 Gold has been located today at 07:18 pm on January 4, 2017. Check location at http:/i-apple.space/?location=c4561 Apple Support
SMIS	Your Apple ID is now ready to be recovered Go to apple.com/recover and enter your Apple ID to get started. Need help? Go to apple.com/support
SMIS	Your Apple ID account has been locked due to unauthorised login attempts. Please login here and verify your information
SMIS	Apple Notification Your Apple ID is due to expire today. Tap http://apple.id.user-auth.online/ to update and prevent loss of services and Apps.
SMIS	Due to suspicious activity your Apple-id has been LOCKED tap https://apple.id-loginauth.com to restore full access to your apple services.
SMIS	Your Apple account has been suspended due to security reasons. To unlick it review your account here: http://bit/do/c5Hah
SMIS	iTunes: Your Apple ID has been restricted. To fully restore your services, please visit https://apple.com.itunes-management.services/ to confirm your details.
SMIS	Dear Customer, Your AppleID is due to expire Today, Please tap http://bit.do/cRqb6 to update and prevent loss of services and data Apple smsSTOPto43420
SMIS	Fr:memberservices@americanexpress.com Su:Account Alert Msg:Dear Member, Your American Express account has been restricted, to remove restrict ions please confirm your identitynow at (866) 568-4065 Thank you for your Card Membership. American Express Customer Care
SMIS	American Express alert review your profile hit://bit.do| americanexpress-id ClientID: X5H31821GSS2
SMIS	FRM:American Express SUBJ:Fraud Alert MSG:http://americanexpressfhxnpsjgensjuvojmduvnuefflpztawy@@machesselbstdiy.ml/wp-includes/cone/amarach
SMIS	American Express is undergoing server upgrade. You are required to follow this link http://u.to/qoprEg to update your account with us.
SMIS	From: American Express New activities found on your American Express Card visit us immediately to review Tap to Load Preview
SMIS	TD FRAUD ALERT Purchase $175.28 @UKVI Credit Card **13 Reply Y if this was you/your add'l Cardholder, N if not Msg rates may apply
SMIS	Thanks. Credit Card **13 is blocked. Please call TD at +18883473261. Reply STOP if you don't wish to receive TD Fraud Alerts via txt
SMIS	"Your iPhone 6 linked to(p""""""~m"".edu) has been used a few minutes ago. To localize it, login now to your apple account: http://icloud-apple.eu/en"
SMIS	Thanks for opening your Account. If you have not already done so, please make sure you add money to your new account as soon as you can. halifax.co.uk
SMIS	Confirmation: You set up a new recipient on 24/01 at 15:59:26 from account ending 7766. If this was not you please call 03456020000 or +441132798302 from abroad
SMIS	Our security team have tried to contact you regarding your online account. Log In via the secure link http:// 185.99.132.133/LOGSUK to avoid account suspension.
SMIS	A suspicious login at 3:02 PM from an unknown device was found. If this was not genuine please login via http://bit.do/d7CDN to secure your online.
SMIS	512387 is your Facebook confirmation code
SMIS	493783 is your Facebook password reset code
SMIS	PayPal: We have limited your account due to safety concerns. Please visit https://paypal limitations33.com before we are forced to close your account.
SMIS	<#> Your WhatsApp code: 146-541 You can also tap on this link to verify your phone: v.whatsapp.com/146541 Don't share this code with others 4sgLq1p5sV6
SMIS	Dear customer, Your account is currently under review. Please complete the following security form to avoid suspension: http://bit.ly/-PayPal-no-sms.eu
SMIS	Dear customer, Your account is under review. Please fill in the following security form to avoid lockout: http://bit.ly/PayPal.
SMIS	id 7115 Your Paypal account will be disabled today if you fail to update, visit: Tap to Load Preview paypal.vaselek.org
SMIS	PayPal: Your account is under review due to suspicious activity. Log in at httes://PayPal.login-user-9832.com to remove any pending restrictions.
SMIS	PayPal:Your account has been limited due to a failed direct debit attempt. Please follow the link https://limited-signin-paypal.com to remove the restriction
SMIS	You sent a payment for 30.16 GBP to Lucy Parker. If you didn't authenticate this transaction check here Tap to Load Preview pay-pail.com
SMIS	You sent a payment for 320.12 GBP to WebAct Limited. If you didn't authenticate this transaction click here to cancel http://ow.ly/W4rP301uDM5es
SMIS	Please log in to your PayPal account at http://www.paypalvrf.com/ and follow the steps there to confirm your identity and recent account activity. To help protect your account, your PayPal account will remain limited until you complete the necessary steps.
SMIS	Your account has been locked as a result of too many unsuccessful sign in attempts. Click the link to restore access immediately. http://bit.do/PaypalSecure 08-38
SMIS	PayPal Notification. Your account has been temporarily suspended due to unauthorized login attempts. Confirm your details at Warning - bit.doim.bit.do
SMIS	82761 is Franziska's Facebook confirmation code
SMIS	Franziska's code is: 82761. Go to Facebook and enter it to confirm, or go to https://fb.me/1GCZU4DXwB6fmhv
SMIS	We expect you to resubmit your Facebook account details within the next 24hours: http://mfacebook.com-more-1323137832
SMIS	FACEBOOK: Your account will be limited on 25th of April if you fail to re-confirm your password. Use: fb-com-352080121512.vexo.best
SMIS	FRM:RTqeaUdPWY MSG: We failed to bill your Netflix-profile for the next month: https://fail. billnetflix-ejhnXn-GecFY.localprosadvisor.-com
SMIS	Dear Valued Netflix User, Sorry for the interruption but we are having wouble authoring your payment method
SMIS	New Craigslist Buyer Message: Read using this link: http://craigslist-alaskaUSA/1212.com
SMIS	Apple Notification. Your Apple ID is due to expire today. Tap http://apple.id.user-auth.online/ to update and prevent loss of services and Apps.
SMIS	Simon, your account has possibly been credited 1 BTC (4 842.31 AUD), register within 24h to accept the transfer. http://bit.ly/2gMcRFt
SMIS	Your Verizon account security needs validation. Click https://vwireless.xyZ/L8iU1jkT to validate your account and to avoid your access from being disabled.
SMIS	Your Microsoft account will be deleted due to a large quantity of congested E-Mails. To resend the congested E-Mails, please visit microsoft.id206.com
SMIS	HMRC: you are eligible for a £202.62 tax refund due to the COVID-19 outbreak. Plese visit https//ukgov-claim-refund.com
SMIS	HMRC: Our records show you are due a tax rebate of £306.68. To claim your pending funds, complete our form via: https://hmuk-pendingrebate.com.
SMIS	Amazon Online! Your aws-orders has been received please confirm! hitp://24ab16337e.804f8cficed8.amznon.online/110Ead/PHhODV.html?e-eeeOtmomQail.net&IY8wz=F6Y3Cs2
SMIS	SaskTel Mobility sent you a refund. See: https//depositsasktel.org
SMIS	URGENT: UKGOV hasissued a payment of 558 GBP to all residents as part of its promise to battle COVID19. TAP here bttes://ukcovid-2019.webredirect.org/ to apply
SMIS	GOVUK: Due to the new lockdown conditions you have been granted for a COVID-19 claim of £277.59. To obtain, please follow via: https://conclude-claim govuk.com
SMIS	HMRC: You still have an outstanding refund, follow the secure link to proceed with your application https://hmrc.gov.online personal-payment.com/refund
SMIS	GOV-UK: The UK-GOV has issued a payment of £342.55 to all residents as part of its promise to battle COVID-19. Please visit /resident services.co.uk/ to apply.
SMIS	DVLA: We have identified that you have an outstanding vehicle tax refund from an overpayment. Please follow at https://refund ref041.com?c=2 to process.
SMIS	HMRC: Tax returns must be claimed by the 14/11/2020 otherwise risk loss of eligibility. Find out how much is available here: https://hmrcukforms1.com/
SMIS	Delivered: Your Amazon package with Spectre 007 (Blu-ray) and 2 other items was delivered. More info at http://a.co/ftHasoS
SMIS	Delivered: Your Amazon package with Original Nintendo Wii Audio Video AV Cable Cord (Bulk Packaging) was delivered. More info at http://a.co/el6F4Cy
SMIS	Shipped: Your Amazon package with Old Spice High Endurance Deodorant, Pure Sport, 3.0 oz, 5... will be delivered Tue, May 24, Track at http://a.co/4SJitSA
SMIS	Arriving Today: Your Amazon package with Old Spice High Endurance Deodorant, Pure Sport, 3.0 07,... will be delivered by 8PM. Track at http://a.co/SmRhmyv
SMIS	Delivered: Your Amazon package with Old Spice High Endurance Deodorant, Pure Sport, 3.0 oz, 5 Piece was delivered. More info at http://a.co/9zwbXS!
SMIS	Amazon Prime picked you #3/50 for Alexa Weekend this July 27th! You received 100 dollars! Complete this super short survey to redeem>alexafunday.xyz?admit1
SMIS	Hello mate, your FEDEX package with tracking code GB-6412-GH83 is waiting for you to set delivery preferences: e3fmr.info/onAyXsmMMS7
SMIS	FRM:Mail Delivery System SUBJ:Mail delivery failed: returning message MSG:This message was created automatically by mail delivery (Con't) 2 of 10 software. A message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients. This is a permanent error. The following (Con't) 3 of 10 address(es) failed: 7174375735@vtext.com Unrouteable address 2518951905@txt.att.net Unrouteable address (Con't) 4 of 10 8134166923 @vtext.com Unrouteable address 9794241197@usamobility.net Unrouteable address 8165094547@vtext.com
SMIS	Amazon Online! Your aws-orders has been received please confirm! hitp://24ab16337e.804f8cficed8.amznon.online/110Ead/PHhODV.html?e-eeeOtmomQail.net&IY8wz=F6Y3Cs2
SMIS	For yr latest in-home guide to transforming your health, fitness and happiness visit feelgoodwizard.com/login.help@feelgoodwizard.com
SMIS	Moderate exercise releases chemicals in ur brain that lift ur mood. It can help u sleep better, have energy n keep ur heart healthy help@feelgoodwizard.com
SMIS	Restaurant104 Booking Confirmation. A table for 3 people is booked for 07:30 PM on 16/07/2020. Should your plans change, please contact us on +35317978936
SMIS	URGENT:DVLA Swansea have been trying to contact you, Click below for more information. Tap to Load Preview
SMIS	Your refund of 265.84GGBP is pending to proceed please follow our secure link below. Your bank may require extra verification. Tap to Load Preview
SMIS	O2:We were unable to process your latest bill. In order to avoid fees, please update your payment information via: https://o2.uk.invoice142.com/?02=2 12-10
SMIS	O2: You've used 80% of your UK data allowance which resets on 17/9/2016. You can see how much data you've used at www.02.co.uk/myo2 (it's free to browse these pages) and we'll text you if you use all your allowance. Remember to save your data with O2 Wifi.
SMIS	Hi Beckykcoles, We're having trouble verifying the billing details linked to your account. Click below to avoid services being suspended. http://bit.ly/2dHrSrT
SMIS	Due to the recent shortage of face masks, the Red-Cross will be distributing one free box per household. Visit htto://RedCross-mask.ca to get one.
SMIS	URGENT: UKGOV has issued a payment of 458 GBP to all residents as part of its promise to battle COVID 19. TAP here https://uk-covid19.webredirect.org/ to apply.
SMIS	EE:We were unable to process your latest bill. In order to avoid fees, update your billing information via: httos://ee-update.ref0178.com/?ee=2
SMIS	O2:We were unable to process your latest bill. In order to avoid fees, please update your payment information via: https://o2.uk invoice 142,com/?02=2
SMIS	We are having trouble processing your recent payment information for your EE Bill, Please follow the link to avoid restrictions: https://ee-helpcenter.com/
SMIS	EE: We have been unable to take payment, Services will be terminated if you fail to update your billing information at: https://ee.securbillingreview.hel
SMIS	(pHYX62AZUk4h) Google is re-verifying the phone# of this device. Learn more: https://goo.gl/LHCS9W
SMIS	why is the fbi at our house?
SMIS	"Google Message  #71864: Your Gmail has been compromised. Google needs to call to verify your identity. Text back with ""Call Now” when you are ready to take this call."
SMIS	Now.You can do Whatsapp Without internet From Today. Whatsapp launches Ultra-Light Wifi Feature to Enjoy Free 3G Internet wherever you go for whatsapp application.Click On Below Link to Activate Now
SMIS	Your subscription has expired. To verify your account and purchase a lifetime subscription for just 0.99 GBP simply tap on this link Tap to Load Preview
SMIS	News, Amazon Black Friday Selling Now In India Apple iPhone 6s (Space Grey, 64GB) at Just 2,999 Rs. Buy It Now Before Sale Ends. Cash On Delivery Also Available. Visit just now*
SMIS	Our security team have tried to contact you regarding your online account. Login via the secure link http://103.39.110.224/secure to avoid account suspension.
SMIS	Dear Christopher, we have your package in queue. Address: Londonderry, Ballynagard crescent
SMIS	Voicemail: Parcel Sorting Center: Found package addressed to null. Last pick-up day - Friday! n3smv.info/DDVAAAGIA
SMIS	Someone who came in contact with you tested positive or has shown symptoms for COVID-19&mends you self-isolate/get
SMIS	We have attempted to deliver your package UPS016448296GB, but there is an unpaid customs charge. Follow the instructions here: https://bit.do/fKO8Dk
SMIS	We have attempted to deliver your package UPS016448296GB, but there is an unpaid customs charge. Follow the instructions here: Zap.me/f6TAI
SMIS	There is an update on your parcel. Item stopped due to unpaid customs fee. Follow the instructions here: n6u.me/RIBsH
SMIS	Caution! As of 12/10/2019, your T-Mobile account reflects 123.00 of talk charges in this bill cycle. Charges include international calls and calls to premium-rate numbers. To avoid possible service suspension please contact Customer Care at 611 or if roaming international at+1-505-998-3793
SMIS	ATT FREE MSG: Welcome to AT&T Mobile Locate. Click attmobilitylic.net to complete your set-up or call 888-562-8662. Data charges may apply. Reply HELP for help
SMIS	ATT FREE MSG: Welcome to AT&T Mobile Locate. Click di.mymobilelocate.com to complete your set-up or call 888-562-8662. Data charges may apply.
SMIS	YOUR NUMBER HAS EMERGE WINNER OF (1 CRORE TOLAKH) FROM MICROSOFT COMPANY. SEND UR NAME,ADDRES,CELL NOAGE & BATCH NO:GH838QPV TO: microsftclaimdept@outlook.com
SMIS	Microsoft account security code: 9960842
SMIS	GOV.UK CORONAVIRUS ALERT New rules in force now: you must stay at home. More info & exemptions at gov.uk/coronavirus Stay at home. Protect the NHS. Save lives.
SMIS	Your refund of 286.84GGBP is pending to proceed please follow our 5ocure link below Your bank may require extra verification.
SMIS	VZW FREE MSG: Your bill is ready to view. Please visit http:// mobile.vzw.com/viewbill or dial #BAL SEND for balance information.
SMIS	You're receiving a 10-day free trial of Verizon Call Filter! Download the app to start identifying and blocking spam calls. https://tinyurl.com/чёyao9lk6h
SMIS	You're 'Re a 10-day free tril tRAl Verizon Cll cLL FilR dOnLOd app to start identifying and blocking BLoCNG calls. htts
SMIS	You're 'Re a 10-day 10-day 10-DaY trIAl Verizon VeRIZOn Filter! FilTeR FILter app app aPp identifying IDeNtiFyING identIfyiNG bLocKiNG sPam https://tinyurl.com/чёyao9lk6h
SMIS	Dear Customer, Your ATM Card Temporarily Has Been BLOCKED. Beacause Still You Did not Update According NEW Rules if You want to activate Please call US 31583753
SMIS	(BOA) Your account is limited. Please follow the link to securely update your personal information: bankofamerica.bofasms.com
SMIS	For security reason your account has been blocked. To avoid suspension of all banking services please confirm identity https://commbanks.com/?r=kgljYX
SMIS	Dear customer due to the BVN validation conpliance with CBN directive your ATM CARD has just been BLOCKED kindy call our customer care MR AYOMIDE 08109833569
SMIS	Your CommBank account has been blocked for unusual activity. Please log on to: www.commbankaccs.com and follow the unlock procedure or visit our nearest branch
SMIS	FRM: First Horizon Bank SUBJ: GO TO www.firsthorizonff.com and login MSG::5917 With your Account
SMIS	HSBC: A payment was attempted from a new device. If this was not you, please visit: https://security-unveifidpayee.com/hsbc
SMIS	Your HSBC account has been disabled, to restore your acces please visit this secure link: hsunlockapp.co.uk
SMIS	ID931: Your Direct Debit RVX FINANCE added successfully. Allow 24 hours to view online. Call HSBC 033004-348-67 if you did not request this
SMIS	Your H.SBC card was used on 07-02-2019 12:02:40, at B&Q for £2941.00. If you dont recognise yhis transaction contact us on 03300245906
SMIS	From: HSBC PAYMENT TEAM. Your payment to NETGEAR INTERNATIONAL LTD (REP OD IRELAND) has been referred to us for futher verification. Date: 14th Nov. 2018 Amount: 6,730.00 Euros kindly contact us on 0333022037 if NOT made by you. http://www.hasbc.co.uk/
SMIS	Please call HSBC fraud team on 0333345352 quoting F365434
SMIS	Your account has been locked. To restore access please visit your local branch, or reactivate now by visition http://159.89.141.68
SMIS	Your BOI Visa Card is blocked due to a suspicious charge made on the 29-03-2020 Procced to 365online-cardblocked.com to review the charge on your card.
SMIS	We have automatically blocked your BOI Visa Card for security reasons. Go to https://365Boi-cards.com for more information and to order a replacement card.
SMIS	Amex Fraud Free Msg: Did you just try to charge 130.63 USD at DIG IT LIVER? if yes, 2 to call Amex. Text STOP to opt out 18008249289
SMIS	Dear Customer, Your payment request to Blockchain Technology Ltd for 1,720.99 GBP has been referred for further verification. If you recognise this payment please reply Y to confirm, if you DO NOT recognise this payment call Fraud Prevention immediately on 03300597448. Metro Bank Payment Team.
SMIS	Barclays are doing a payment check. Did you make the following payment? 3800 GBP AND 1200 GBP at O2. If yes, reply Y If no, call 08443574735 immediately
SMIS	Your Barclays Debit Card has been temporarily deactivated to prevent fraudulent payment to PAYPAL UK for 2356.00 GBP. Please call Fraud Prevention immediatelyon 03301170179 If you are not aware of this transaction. Do not reply by SMS. http://www.barclays.mobi
SMIS	Tour statement is ready for you ro view online. Go to http://goo.gl/ak9t3k to view and manage your account
SMIS	Your NetBank access has been revoked. To unlock your account, please visit your nearest branch or login at https://netbank-mobie.app & follow the prompts.
SMIS	RBC suspended your for security maintance. Please activate your account below. http://rbc.com.verify-banks.com/?activate
SMIS	FreeMsg: SHAZAM FraudAlert 18552195999: Did you use card 8923 at SNAPPY FOODS 12 for $1.00? If valid reply YES, ifnot NO, STOP toOptOut of Fraud Alerts.
SMIS	"Your SCOTIABANK card starting with ""4536"" is disabled. Please confirm your details below. http://sctiasecure.domainfss.com/s"
SMIS	(ALERT) Your Credit Card has been temporarily suspended. To unlock your account, click here http://tdcanadatrustloginpage.com/cc/
SMIS	Important message sent to you by . Code: VISA DEBIT Card Locked. Call support at: 855-804-8470 . Thank you!
SMIS	RBC Alert! Your client card starting with '4519' has been disabled. Please secure your account below. http://rbc.com.ssl-sec-mls-119.com/r/
SMIS	[EE]:We were unable to process your latest bill. In order to avoid fees, update your billing information via: https://ee.uk-billing45.com/?ee=2
SMIS	We have identified some unusual activity on your online banking. Please log in via http://bit.do/dq3WJ to secure your account.
SMIS	Your Santander Bank Account has been blocked. All services have been withdrawn. Go to http://santander.onlineupdatesecures.he.net.pk to reactivate now.
SMIS	Your HSBC account has been locked, to restore access please visit unlockuknow.com
SMIS	Your HSBC account has been locked for security reasons. To re activate, please visit: https://hasvc.co.uk.customer-id2997476.com/&h=2 HSBC
SMIS	Your A/C can be credited with Rs.330000. Enter your details & check now I2u.cc/568ucb
SMIS	HSBC: New payee for MR C JONES to your account through your HSBC mobile banking app. If this was NOT you, visit: https://security.hsbc.confirm-added-payee.com
SMIS	You account has been temporarily suspended due to 3 incorrect login attempts. Visit the secure link to reactivate httз://secure.nw-verify.co.uk
SMIS	Did you transfer a payment of £900.00 GBP to Mark Smith. If you did not set up this payment, Please Urgently call Fraud on (01388201804 or international +441388201804 and have your Security details ready.
SMIS	Your account has been suspended on 29th May, To begin begin verification process visit http://internetbanking.tsb.verifybycode.co.uk or a local branch.
SMIS	TSB have noticed that your business debit card was used today for £5700.00 GBP at CHECKATRADE If this was you, reply Y If no call 0843 886 8574 immediately
SMIS	Your TSB Card has been locked due to unusual activity at 09:18 Proceed to https://tsbfraud.com to review the charge on your card.
SMIS	Dear customer, due to our recent technical and security issues, your account has been suspended. Please visit www.tsb-secured.co.uk to verify your account.
SMIS	FRM:18443693848 MSG:Your card has been put on hold. CALL now free : 1-844-369-3848 and follow instructions to resolve this issue.
SMIS	O02: Payment for your latest bill could not be processed by your bank. Please update your payment information via: https://02-update.billing720.com?02=2
SMIS	Its Emma. I tried to call you but signal bad. I been taken to hospital after having a fall this morning. If possible can you do me a quick favour and text me x
SMIS	"Your SCOTIABANK card starting with ""4536"" is disabled. Please confirm your details below. http://sctiasecure.domainfss.com/s"
SMIS	Your Scotia bank account has been suspended due to security verifications, sign in below to verify your profile: www.scotiabank-1verification.com Reply Stop to unsubscribe Security department of The Bank of Nova Scotia
SMIS	Fifth Third Bank : We locked your Debit Card to prevent unauthorized payment.To unlock it confirm your identity - rebrand. ly/irt8k
SMIS	RBC: Someone unauthorized may have access to your account. Visit http://www.rbcroyalbank.com.rbcrbc.com
SMIS	WiNNeR As a valued ne7w0rkInG Cu5t0mers you have been selected to re<Elv{A £900 prIzE rEw@rd To claim <@!Is 09061701461. <lalm <od{ K!341 Valid 12 hours only.
SMIS	Had your mobile 11 months or than U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
SMIS	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt > CSH11 send send 87575. 87575 150p/day, 6days, 6days TsandCs TsandCs Reply Reply HL 4
SMIS	URGENT You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot Txt the word CLAIM to No: 81010 T www.dbuk.net C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD
SMIS	XXXM06il{M0v!{CIub To us{ your downpayment (!i<k the WAP IInk in the nexT txt mESsagE or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL
SMIS	07732584351 Rodger Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free call Please call now delivery tomorrow delivery tomorrow
SMIS	Congrats! 1 fortnight gift cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3 StarWars3 etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm Dont miss out!
SMIS	As a vaLued [u$7om{r I am plEA5Ed to advise you that preceded r{(en7 7eST!mOnla|S of your MO8 No. you @re awardEd with a £1500 8onu5 PrizE call 09066364589
SMIS	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco Or £1000. Or claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*£1.50(moreFrmMob. 87121 LS1 *
SMIS	Please call our customer services representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 money or £5000 prize
SMIS	GENT We are trying to phoning you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED Call 09064012160 Claim Code K52 Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
SMIS	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) inc speak a live operator 2 2 claim 0871277810910p/min
SMIS	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim calls 08719180248 Identifier Code 45239 Expires
SMIS	URGENT! Your MO6lIe No. w@5 Award{d £2000 6onus <aLlEr PrIze on 5/9/03 This is our final try to contact U [A1l from Landline 09064019788 BOX42WR29C 150PPM
SMIS	Todays V0d@ numbers ending 7548 are seIe<7ed to re<E!v{ a 350 awards If you hav{ a mAt(h please <a|I!nG 08712300220 Quo7|ng <1@|mEd (OdEs 4041 standard rA7ES app
SMIS	Sunshine QuIz Wk1y 9 Win a 7Op SOny DVD p!Ay if u know which (ounTry the Algarve I5 in? Txt anSr to 82277 £1.50 5P
SMIS	Customer service annoncement You they a New Years deliveries waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arranging delivery
SMIS	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 money or a 4 * holidays inc) inc speaking a live show 2 claim 0871277810810
SMIS	PLS STOP bootydelious 32/F is inviting you to being her friend Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP Send STOP FRND to 62468
SMIS	URGENT! We are trying to C0nt@Ctin9 you. |AsT weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize GUARANTEED Call 09061701939. <|@Im en<ode 589 Valid 12hrs only
SMIS	Please <A|ls our [ustomer $ervlCe r{pr{sen7A7|v{ on fRe{PHON{ 0808 145 4742 between 9@m-11pm as you hAve WON a guaranteed £1000 (a5h or £5000 prize
SMIS	ar{ you unIquE enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
SMIS	Hey! I am I0v!nG all new HIke It h@$ @wES0me stickers option to h|dE Ch@T$ and a much more. Try it out hTtp
SMIS	Pls reached me on this email (mrchrisc1@outlook.com) immediately. outlook.com is a is of matter
SMIS	earl acad{my invit{$ you to the launch of School of MEd!a at the T!mE5 1|TEr@TurE Fest ComE and wI7n{S$ InduStry experts like 5@9ArlkA gho5e speaks about (ArEErs in medlA and [0mmun![A7|on$ on 25th November?€?17 € 17 oak lawns oak o@k more mOrE more http://bit.ly/2B7MFga http //B!t.|y/267M49@ vlsI7In9
SMIS	PERSONAL LOAN AT LOWEST RATE WITH N0 PRE-CLOSE CHARGE W!7H PART PAYNT SALARY MIN 22000/- offer START 25000+ 10.99 t aply C ap1y FOR CALL (a!L 9811768366
SMIS	Gokul sent you a Blue Packet which expires in 59 mins. Get on Hike and claim it now to want cash http://get.hike.in
SMIS	Nick you received 1 new photo message: https
SMIS	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize
SMIS	GENT! We are trying to phoning you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160 Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
SMIS	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 or a 4* * holiday flights speak speak a live living 2 2 claimed 0871277810910p/min
SMIS	PRIVATE Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
SMIS	Urgent! Please calling 09066612661 from your landline your complimentary 4* * Costa Costa Del Sol or £1000 £1000 await collection. ppm ppm 150 T&Cs James 28, EH74RR
SMIS	You've 've tkts to the EURO2004 EURO2004 CUP FINAL £800 £800 CASH collect collect 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX POBOX
SMIS	Sorry! U can not unsubscribe yet. THE MOB offer package has a min term of 54 weeks pls resubmit resubmit after expiry. Reply THEMOB HELP 4 4 info
SMIS	You h@ve 1 new mE$$a9e P!eAsE cA!l$ 08712400200
SMIS	We currently have a message aw@|7inG your compilation To (oLL{c7 your message just call 08718723815
SMIS	Reply to win £100 d@lly What professional sport does t!g{r Woods play ${nd STOP to 87239 to end$ s{rvl(E
SMIS	This l5 the 2nd time we could tried to contact u. U have won the £1450 pr|zE to claimed just [aI1 09053750005 64 310303 7 SMS 08718725756. sM5
SMIS	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for <fone no> shows 800 un-redeemed 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points Call Code: 42049 Expires 42049
SMIS	Jack Dee Your iCloud ID has been deactivated. To reactivate your accounts confirming your details here: http:/icloudwerify.uk - Apple
SMIS	Matt Prior, Your iCloud ID has been deactivated To reactivate your acct confirm your details here: http /icloudwerify.uk Apple
SMIS	Apple Inc Your erased lost Iphone 6 Gold has been located tomorrow at 07:18 pm on January 4 2017 Check location at http:/i-apple.space/?location=c4561 /i-apple.space/ location=c4561
SMIS	Your Apple ID is now get to be recovered Go to apple.com/recover and enter your Apple ID to want started. Need help? Go to apple.com/support
SMIS	Your Apple ID account has been locked caused to unauthorised login attempts. Please login here and verify your information
SMIS	Apple Notification Your Apple ID is due to expire today. Tap http://apple.id.user-auth.online/ //apple.id.user-auth.online/ update and prevent loss of services and Apps.
SMIS	Due to suspicious extracurricular your Apple-id has been LOCKED taps https to restore full access to your apple services.
SMIS	Your Apple ACc0unT hA$ bEEn suspended due to security rEa$On5 To un!i<k it r{v!ew your @ccOun7 here: hT7p
SMIS	iTunes: Your Apple ID has been restricted To fully restore your services, please visit https://apple.com.itunes-management.services/ //apple.com.itunes-management.services/ confirm your details.
SMIS	DEar CuS70mer Y0ur app1{iD is caused to {xpirE Today, Please taps http://bit.do/cRqb6 //Bi7.d0/CRQB6 //8lT.do/CRqb6 update prevent prevent prevent services 5ervIcEs data dATa smsSTOPto43420
SMIS	Fr $u AC<Oun7 Msg:Dear Member, DEar M{mb{r Express account has a[COunt american Express @mErI(an restrict been re5Tr!<T confirm p!e@Se <0nf|rm ions (866) !onS Thank you for your 568-4065 Membership. 568-4065 Express Customer Expre$s
SMIS	American Express alert review your profile hits americanexpress-id americanexpress-id ClientID
SMIS	FRM:American americana SUBJ:Fraud Alert Fraud
SMIS	American Express is undergoing server upgrade You are required to follow this linking http //u.to/qoprEg update update account with us.
SMIS	From: American Express New activities found on your American Express Card visiting us immediately to review Tap to Load Preview
SMIS	TD FRAUD ALERT Purchase $175.28 @UKVI Credit Credit **13 * Y if this was you/your add'l was you/your add not l rates may apply
SMIS	Thanks. Credit Card * * 13 is blocked TD calling +18883473261. Reply STOP Reply STOP don't wish n't receive wish Fraud Alerts via txt
SMIS	Your iPhone 6 linked to(p'~m'.edu) has has used use few minutes ago. To localize it, login now to your apple apple http://icloud-apple.eu/en
SMIS	Thanks for opened your Account If you have not already done so, ask make sure you added cash to your new account as soon as you can. halifax.co.uk
SMIS	Confirmation: You setting up a new recipient on 24/01 at 15:59:26 from account ending 7766. If this was not you please call 03456020000 or +441132798302 from abroad
SMIS	Our 5eCurI7y team have tried to C0n7AcT you reL@Tin9 your On!|n{ @([oun7 Log In via the secure lInk http:// 185.99.132.133/lo9SUK to Av0!d ac[Ount suspension.
SMIS	A suspicious login at 3:02 PM from an unspecified interface was rediscovered If this was not genuine please login via http to secure your online.
SMIS	512387 is your Facebook confirmation code
SMIS	493783 |5 your Facebook pA$$word reset code
SMIS	PayPal We could unrestricted your accounts due to safety concerns Please visit https://paypal //paypal before we are forced to close close account.
SMIS	<#> Your WhatsApp code: 146-541 146-541 can also tap on this link to verify verify phone: cellphones Don't Do this sharing with encode 4sgLq1p5sV6
SMIS	Dear customers Your account is currently under review Please complete the preceded secure form to avoid suspension: http://bit.ly/-PayPal-no-sms.eu
SMIS	Dear service Your account is under review. Please fill in the following security or to avoidance lockout: http://bit.ly/PayPal.
SMIS	id 7115 Your Paypal accounts will should disabled tomorrow if you failing to update, visiting Tap to Load Preview paypal.vaselek.org
SMIS	PayP@| Your @<(0unt$ !S under review duE to suspicious activity. !og in at hTte$ //PayP@L.1ogln-us{r-9832.(om rEmOvE rEmOvIn9 pending restrictions.
SMIS	PAyPal account has has ha$ l|mit{d unr{sTri<t{d a failed direct directly debit dEb!T @7temp7 follow link link to //limited-signin-paypal.com the restriction
SMIS	You sent a payment for 30.16 GBP to Lucy Parker. If you did authenticate authenticate transaction check here Tap Tap Load Preview pay-pail.com
SMIS	You sent a lnv0ICE for 320.12 g8P to WebAct Limited. If you d!d authenticate this 7rAn$A(t!on ClIck here to cAn(el (an(E!
SMIS	Please log in to your PayPal acct at http //www.paypalvrf.com/ follow the steps steps to confirm confirmations identity and recent account activity. extracurricular help protect your account, accounts PayPal PayPal will remain unchanged restricted you complete full necessary necessary
SMIS	Your account has been locked as a result of too those unsuccessful sign in attempts Click the link to restore access immediately. http://bit.do/PaypalSecure 08-38
SMIS	PayPA| NOtIF![@7l0n Your @CCoun7 has been temporarily suspended (@used to unAu7horizEd login attempts. [OnFIrm your dE7@l!s at WarnIng B!7.dOlm.b!t.do bit.doim.bit.do
SMIS	82761 l$ 4ranzI5k@ 4@C{8OOk c0nFirma7lon code
SMIS	Franziska c0d{ encode !s 82761 to Facebook and enter it to confirm, [0n4lrmAtlonS go 9O ht7p5
SMIS	We expect you to resubmit your Facebook accounts details within the last 24hours http://mfacebook.com-more-1323137832
SMIS	FACEBOOK: Your account will should restricted on 25th of April if you failing to re-confirm your password. Use: fb-com-352080121512.vexo.best
SMIS	FRM MSG: MSG failed to bill your Netflix-profile for the next next month billnetflix-ejhnXn-GecFY.localprosadvisor.-com
SMIS	Dear Valued Netflix User Sorry for the interruption but we are having wouble authoring your payment technique
SMIS	New Craigslist Buyer Message: Read using this link: http://craigslist-alaskaUSA/1212.com
SMIS	Apple Notification. Your Apple ID is caused to expire today Tap http://apple.id.user-auth.online/ //apple.id.user-auth.online/ update and prevent loss of services and Apps.
SMIS	Simon your acct has possibly been credited 1 BTC 4 842.31 AUD), register within 24h to accept the transfer. http://bit.ly/2gMcRFt
SMIS	Your Verizon account security needs validation Click https://vwireless.xyZ/L8iU1jkT //vwireless.xyZ/L8iU1jkT validate validate account and to avoid avoid access accessing being disabled.
SMIS	Your Microsoft account will be deleted due to a small quantity of congested E-Mails. To resend the congested E-Mails please visit microsoft.id206.com
SMIS	HMRC you are eligible for a £202.62 taxes refund result to the COVID-19 outbreak. Plese visit https//ukgov-claim-refund.com
SMIS	HMRC: Our records shows you are due a tax rebate of £306.68. To claimed your pending funds, complete our forms via: https://hmuk-pendingrebate.com.
SMIS	Amazon 0nline Your aws-orders ha5 8eEn reCE!ved please [OnFIrm hl7p
SMIS	SaskTel Mobility sent you a refund See https//depositsasktel.org
SMIS	URGENT: UKGOV hasissued a cheque of 558 GBP to all residents as the of its promise to battle COVID19 TAP here bttes to apply
SMIS	GOVUK: Due to the new lockdown conditions you have been granted for a COVID-19 claim of £277.59 To obtain, please follow via: https://conclude-claim govuk.com
SMIS	HMRC You still have an outstanding rEFund fOIlOw the secure link to pr0({eding with your app1icAt|0n https //hmrc.gov.online
SMIS	GOV-UK The UK-GOV has issued a invoice of £342.55 to all residents as part of its promise to skirmishes COVID-19. Please visit /resident services.co.uk/ to applying
SMIS	DVLA: We have identified that you have an outstanding vehicle levy refund from an overpayment Please follow at https ref041.com?c=2 ref041.com c=2
SMIS	HMRC: Tax returns must should claimed by the 14/11/2020 otherwise risk loss of eligibility. Find out how so is avaliable here: https
SMIS	Delivered Your Amazon pAckaG{d with Spectre 007 (Blu-ray) and 2 oth{r items was delivered More info at http://a.co/ftHasoS
SMIS	Delivered Your Amazon packages with Original Nintendo Wii Audio Video AV Cable Cord Bulk Packaging was delivered More info at http
SMIS	Shipped: Your Amazon packaged with Old Spice High Endurance Deodorant, Pure Sport 3.0 oz, 5 will be delivered Tue, May 24, Track at http
SMIS	Arriving 7oday Your Amazon package with o!d SpI[E Hl9h Endurance Deodor@nt Pure sp0rt 3.0 07,... will be delivered by 8PM TrACk at h7Tp
SMIS	Delivered: Your Amazon package with Old Spice High Endurance Deodorant Pure Sport, 3.0 oz, 5 Piece was delivered. More info at http
SMIS	Amazon Prime picked you 3/50 for Alexa Weekend this July 27th! You received 100 dollars Complete this super short survey to redeem>alexafunday.xyz?admit1
SMIS	Hello mate, your FEDeX p@[ka9E with tracking code gb-6412-GH83 |S waitInG for you to setting delivery preferences: e3fmr.info/onAyXsmMMS7
SMIS	FRM:Mail Mail Mai! System sySt{m failed: fa|I{d rEturnIng fa|l{d send was 5end send [r{@ted mail delivery maI1 sender delivery Co software. 2 c0 5oftwarE software sent message 5O4TwAre be delivered to B{ de!!v{rEd more of its morE less is re[ip|en7S 1EsS i5 The following permanent invalid of 10 |nva||d failed: 10 @ddrE5$ 10 2518951905@txt.att.net es failed vT{xT.<om UnrOu7{@b!{ of Unrouteable 8134166923 txt.att.nET E$ address Unrouteable adress Co 8165094547@vtext.com
SMIS	@m@z0n Online Your aws-orders has been rEC{iv{d ask confirm! h!Tp
SMIS	For yr latest in-home guide to transforming your health, fitness and happiness visit feelgoodwizard.com/login.help
SMIS	ModEra7{ exCEr[!S{ releases chemicals in ur 6rA|n5 that lift ur feeling It can hELp u snore better have energy n kEEp!ng ur he@rT whoLe50mE h{Lp5
SMIS	Restaurant104 Booking Confirmation. A table for 3 people is booked for 07:30 4:20 on 16/07/2020 Should your plans changing please phoning us on +35317978936
SMIS	URGENT:DVLA DVLA Swansea have trying to contact contacting Click below for more than Tap Tap Load Preview
SMIS	Your refund of 265.8499BP |S pending to proceed p1{@s{ take our secure |Ink5 below. Your bank may require extra vErIfic@7!on 7ap to Load Prev!{w
SMIS	O2:We were unable unable process your latest bill. In order to avoid avoid fees update your payment invoice via: https://o2.uk.invoice142.com/?02=2 12-10
SMIS	O2: You've 've used uSed 80 UK UK UK which allowance on resets You can see 5{E know kn0w dATA used at 've (it's free to browse 4rEE pages) 8row5E we'll pA9{5 pages if you use all your allowance. Remember using save A!low@n({ allowance uSln9 O2 save
SMIS	Hl Beckykcoles, We're having hAv!nG verifying the billing billing details dE7A|1S your account. accounts below to avoid av0Id services S{rviCe5 6{!nG
SMIS	Due to the recent shortage of eyes masks, the Red-Cross will be distributing one v1 tray per household Visit htto //RedCross-mask.ca get getting
SMIS	URGENT: UKGOV has issued a payment of 458 GBP to all residents as part of its promise to skirmishes COVID 19 TAP here https://uk-covid19.webredirect.org/ to apply.
SMIS	EE:We were were able process your latest bill. omnibus order to avoid avoidance fees update billing information information httos://ee-update.ref0178.com/?ee=2
SMIS	O2:We were unable to process processes latest latest omnibus order orders avoid fees, please ask update payment information via: https://o2.uk https //o2.uk
SMIS	We are having trouble processing your recent cheque information for your EE Bill, Please follow the link to avoid restrictions: https
SMIS	EE We have been unable to give payment, Services will be terminated if you fail to update your billing information at: https
SMIS	pHYX62AZUk4h Google is re-verifying the vO|(EmA!| of this device Learn less https://goo.gl/LHCS9W
SMIS	why is the fbi at our house
SMIS	Google Message #71864: Your Gmail has been compromised Google needs to call to verify your identity Text back with 'Call Now' when you are are primed take this call.
SMIS	Now.You can do Wh@T$app Without |n7{rnet From Today. Wh@t5@pp launches Ultra-Light Wifi f{a7urE to Enjoy free 3G |nTernEt wherever you go for whAt5@pp App||(@7!0n.[LICk On Below Link to @c7|vAT{ Now
SMIS	Your subscription has expired. To vEr!Fy your account and purchase a lifetime subscription for just 0.99 GBP simply tap on this link|ng 7Ap to Load Preview
SMIS	News, amazon Black 4rIday s{!L|ng Now In lnd!a Apple iPhone 6s (Space grEy 64GB) at Ju5T 2,999 Rs Buy It Now Before Sale {nd5 Cash On Delivery Also Available. Visit just now*
SMIS	Our secure team have tried to contact you regarding your online accounts Login via the secured link http://103.39.110.224/secure to avoid account accounts
SMIS	Dear Christopher, we have your packaged in queue Address Londonderry, Ballynagard crescent
SMIS	Voicemail: Parcel Sorting Center: Found packages addressed to null Last pick-up week Friday Friday! n3smv.info/DDVAAAGIA
SMIS	sOm{one who [@m{ in contact with you tested pos!7!v{ or ha5 shown symptoms for COVID-19&mends you mend$
SMIS	We have attempted to deliver your packaged UPS016448296GB but there is an unpaid customs charges Follow the instructions here: https://bit.do/fKO8Dk
SMIS	We h@ve att{mp7Ed to deliver your pa(kAGe UPs016448296Gb but there is an unpA!d customs charge. Follow the instructions here: Zap.me/f6TAI
SMIS	There is an upd@T{ on your parcel. Item $T0pped duE to unpA!d customs 4E{ Follow the !n5Tru[tIon5 here: n6u.m{/RIBsH
SMIS	Caution! As of 12/10/2019, your T-Mobile acct reflects 123.00 of talk charges in this omnibus cycle. Charges includes international calls and calls to premium-rate numbers. To avoid possible service suspension contact contact Customer Care at 611 or if roaming international at+1-505-998-3793
SMIS	ATT FREE MSG: Welcome to AT Mobile Locate. Mobile Locate Click complete your completes or set-up 888-562-8662. call 888-562-8662 may charges Reply reapply Reply HELP
SMIS	@tT fRee MSG: Welcome to AT Mobile T Mobile di.mymobilelocate.com to Comp|E7{ your ${7-up or C@l! 888-562-8662 Data 888-562-8662 may ch@r9E5
SMIS	YOUR NUMBER HAS EMERGE WINNER OF 1 CRORE TOLAKH) FROM MICR05of7 C0MPANY $END UR NAME NOAGE & B@T[H N0 GH8389PV NO
SMIS	Microsoft accounts security code: 9960842
SMIS	GOV.UK c0RON@ViRU$ ALERT New ruLeS in force now: you must StAy at homE MOrE info & {x{mp7i0n5 at gov.uk/coronavirus Stay at home. Pro7E<t the NHS Save Llves
SMIS	Your refund of 286.84GGBP is pending to proceed please take our 5ocure links below Your bank may requires extra verification
SMIS	VZW FRE{ MSG Your bI!1 Is rEady to v|EwInG Pl{a5{ vI5!t http:// mobile.vzw.com/viewbill mobile.vzw.com/viewbill dial d|A1 Ba1 SEND s{ND balancing
SMIS	You're 're receiving 10-day free trial of Verizon Call Call Download Download app app start start and blocking blocking calls. calls
SMIS	You're 'Re a 10-day download tril tRAl Verizon Cll cLL FilR dOnLOd app to start identifying and blocking BLoCNG calls htts
SMIS	You're 'Re a 10-day 10-day 10-DaY trIAl Verizon VeRIZOn Filter FilTeR FILter app app aPp identifying IDeNtiFyING identIfyiNG bLocKiNG sPam https
SMIS	D{Ar <ustOm{r Your ATM Card Temporarily Has 8eEn BLOCKED Beacause Still You Did not Update A<CordInG NeW Rules if You want to activate P1e@s{ call US 31583753
SMIS	BOA Your @<<Oun7 |s limited. PlEa$e follow the !!nk to securely update your personal information: 8ank0F@m{ricA.6O4asm$.(Om
SMIS	For secure reasons your account has been blocked. To avoid suspension of all banking services please confirm identity https
SMIS	DEar customer due to the BVN v@lId@7!On conpliance with CBN directive your @tM CARD has just 8{En BLOCKED kindy call our customer wellness MR AYOMID{ 08109833569
SMIS	Your CommBank account has been blocked for unusual activity Please log on to: www.commbankaccs.com and following the unlock procedures or visit our nearest branch
SMIS	FRM: First Horizon Bank SUBJ GO TO www.firsthorizonff.com and login MSG With your Account
SMIS	HSBC: A pAym{n7 wA5 attempted from a new lnTerfa<e If this wAs not you, p|eA5{ visit: https
SMIS	Your HSBC account has been disabled, to restores your acces contact visit this secured link: hsunlockapp.co.uk
SMIS	ID931: Your Direct Debit RVX FINANCE added successfully. Allow 24 hours to view internet Call HSBC 033004-348-67 if you did not request this
SMIS	Your H.56c CardS w@s using on 07-02-2019 12:02:40 at b for 9 If £2941.00 dont recognise yhis recognise yhis rE[O9n|se yhls 03300245906
SMIS	From: HSBC PAYMENT TEAM Your payment to NETGEAR INTERNATIONAL LTD REP OD IRELAND) has been referred to us for futher verification. Date: 14th Nov. 2018 Amount 6,730.00 Euros kindly phoning us on 0333022037 if NOT made by you. http://www.hasbc.co.uk/
SMIS	PI{@SE [@l!S H$BC fr@ud teams on 0333345352 quoting F365434
SMIS	Your accounts has been locked. To reclaiming access please visit your locally branch, or reactivate now by visition http://159.89.141.68
SMIS	Your BOI Visa Card is blocked du{ to a su5pl(|Ou$ charge made on the 29-03-2020 PrO([Ed to 3650nl|n{-<Ardb1o(ked.<0m to testimonials the charged on your (ard
SMIS	We hAve automatically bloCkEd your bol V!$A Card for SE(urIty re@5on5 Go to h7tpS //365BoI-CArd$.c0m more m0r{ and to order 0rd{r replacement replacement
SMIS	amex Fraud Free Ms9 Did you just try to charge 130.63 UsD at Di9 !7 1!VeR if yes, 2 to (@1lIng Amex TExT sToP to Op7 out 18008249289
SMIS	Dear Customer, Your payment request to Blockchain Technology Ltd for 1,720.99 GBP has been referred for further verification. If you recognise this invoice please reply Y to confirm, if you DO NOT recognise this payment call Fraud Prevention immediately on 03300597448 Metro Bank Payment Team.
SMIS	Barclays are doing a invoice checked DId you makE the prec{d{d payment? 3800 G8P AND 1200 GBP at 02 If yes, reply Y If no, call 08443574735 immediately
SMIS	Your Barclays Debit Card has been temporarily deactivated to prevent fraudulent cheque to PAYPAL UK for 2356.00 GBP. Please calls Fraud Prevention immediatelyon 03301170179 If you are not unbeknownst of this transaction Do not reply by SMS http
SMIS	Tour statements is ready for you ro view websites Go to http://goo.gl/ak9t3k to view viewing manage your account
SMIS	Your NE76ank access has been rev0ked To un|ock your account, please v|s|ted your n{Ar{5t BrAn(h{S or login at ht7p$ //neT6ank-mo8iE.app follow the prompts.
SMIS	RBC suspended your for security maintance. Please activate your account below. http://rbc.com.verify-banks.com/?activate
SMIS	FreeMsg SHAZAM FraudAlert 18552195999: Did you use card 8923 at SNAPPY FOODS 12 for $1.00? If valid permalink YES, ifnot NO STOP toOptOut of Fraud Alerts
SMIS	Your $<O7I@8aNK chargeback starting with '4536 is l$ P|ea5{ P|e@${ confirmations det@|I5 below. http
SMIS	ALERT Your Credit Card has been temporarily suspended. To unlock your account, click here http
SMIS	Imp0rt@n7 mE5S@9E sent to you by Code cOde Vls@ DE6I7 Card (All cA!l support at: 855-804-8470 7h@nk Thank you!
SMIS	RBC Alert Your client card starting with '4519' has has disabled. Please secure your account accounts http://rbc.com.ssl-sec-mls-119.com/r/
SMIS	[EE]:We were ] to process able latest process In latest to avoid ordering update your billing information via: https://ee.uk-billing45.com/?ee=2
SMIS	We have identified some unusual activity on your internet banking. Please log in via http://bit.do/dq3WJ //bit.do/dq3WJ secure your account.
SMIS	Your Santander Bank Account has been blocked All services have been withdrawn Go to http //santander.onlineupdatesecures.he.net.pk reactivate reactivate
SMIS	Your HSBC account has been locked, to restore accessing please visiting unlockuknow.com
SMIS	Your HSBC account has been locked for security reasons. To re activate, ask visit: https://hasvc.co.uk.customer-id2997476.com/&h=2 HSBC
SMIS	Your @/< can 8e credited with RS.330000 Enter your d{T@ilS & ChE<king now !2u.[(/568uC8
SMIS	HSBC New payee for MR C JONES to your account through your HSBC mobile banking app If this was NOT you, visit: https
SMIS	You account has been temporarily suspended due to 3 incorrect login attempts. Visit the secure link to reactivate httз
SMIS	Did you transfer a invoice of £900.00 GBP to Mark Smith If you did not set up this payment Please Urgently call Fraud on (01388201804 or international +441388201804 and could your Security details get
SMIS	Your account ha5 bEEn $uSpEnd{d on 29th May To begin Be9|n vErIf![@tiOn process viSI7 hTtp or a local local
SMIS	TSB have noticed that your buISneS$ d{6|7 Card waS used today for £5700.00 G8P at CHECKATRADE If this w@$ you, replying Y If no calling 0843 886 8574 immediately
SMIS	Your T$b card h@5 8EEn locked duE to unusual activities at 09:18 Proceed to ht7ps //tsbfraud.com //TS6Fraud.(om reviews r{v|EwS charge [har9E card.
SMIS	Dear service result to our recent expertise and security issues, your acct has been suspended. Please visit www.tsb-secured.co.uk to verify your account.
SMIS	FRM:18443693848 MSG [@rd ch@rGEBAck b{{n put them hO!d caL1 [@lI FreE downIoad 1-844-369-3848 and follow instructions to rectify this lsSue$
SMIS	O02 Paymen7 for your latest bills could not 6{ pro[{5${d by your bank. Please update your p@ymEnT !nfo via: h77p5
SMIS	Its Emma. I tried to call you but signals bad. I been taken to hospital after having a fall this morning. If possible can you do me a quick favour and text me x
SMIS	Your sCOTIa6@NK cards stArTInG with '4536 is !s dl5a61{d confirm confirmations details details de7aiL$
SMIS	Your Scotia bank account hA$ been su$pEnd{d due to security verl4lC@T|onS 5lgn in below to verify your user www.scotiabank-1verification.com Reply Stop to un5u8$[r!Be s{curl7y d{pArtm{nT of The Bank of Nova 5c07|@
SMIS	Fifth Third Bank : We locked Debit Debit Card combating prevent unauthorized payment.To unlock confirmations confirm identity identity - rebrand. ly/irt8k
