Hello Evhen, New jobs have been posted on ArtStation!
Google can use your recovery email to make sure it’s really you if you get locked out of your account or if we notice suspicious activity.
Hi Evhen, We’ve added personalized suggestions to your Privacy Checkup to make it even easier to stay on top of your privacy.
We’ll help you choose how long your data is saved, turn off location sharing, and more - all from your Privacy Checkup.
Over the past month bitcoin has broken through all-time high after all-time high.And while 2020 was arguably bitcoin’s best year ever, some users were still met with exchange outages.
Andrii Astrakhantsev updated your grade on Github: intro.
@a-astrakhant has invited you to collaborate on the rnd4u-org/2021-knu-smish repository.
You have 1 new voicemail, please call 08719181513.You have 1 new message, please call 08718738034.
You have 1 new message, please call 08715205273.You have 1 new message, please call 08712400200.
You have 1 new message, call 0207-083-6089.
You received and missed a phone call from a reader of your magazine.
You got a missed call from 3802799109.Thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice.
Thanx 4 2day! U r a goodmate I THINK UR RITE SARY! ASUSUAL!1 U CHEERED ME UP! LOVE U FRANYxxxxx.
Thankyou so much for the call.
I appreciate your care.
Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! Thanks love, but am i doing torch or bold.
Thanks honey, have a great day.
Thanks honey but still haven't heard anything.
I will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there.
Thanks for your message.I really appreciate your sacrifice.
I'm not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow.
I'm in class now.Do have a wonderful day.
Thanks for yesterday sir.You have been wonderful.
Hope you enjoyed the burial.
Thanks for ve lovely wisheds.
You rock.
Thanks for understanding.
I've been trying to tell sura that.
Thanks for this hope you had a good day today.
thanks for the temales it was wonderful.
Thank, have a great week.
Thanks for sending this mental ability question.
Thanks for picking up the trash.
Thanks for loving me so.
Thanks for looking out for me.
I really appreciate.
Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday.
You are very dear to me.
I cherish having you as a brother and role model.
Thanks chikku.:-) gud nyt:-*.
Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday.
Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say!
Thank you, I like you as well.
Thank you, do you generally date the brothas?
Thank you princess! You are so sexy.
Thank you princess! I want to see your nice juicy booty.
Thank You meet you monday.
Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing.
Thank u, IT BETTER WORK OUT CAUSE I WILL FEEL USED OTHERWISE.
Thank god they are in bed! 
Text her, If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in.
Tessy, pls do me a favor.
Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya.pls dnt forget it.
Today is her birthday Shijas.
Tension, what machi, any problem?
Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day.
Tell where you reached.
Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient.
Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater.
Tell my  bad character which u Dnt lik in me.
I'll try to change in  &lt.
Tell me whos this pls:-).
Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now.
Tell me something.
Thats okay.
Tell me pa.
How is pain de.
Tell me again what your address is.
TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
Tell dear what happen to you.
Why you talking to me like an alian.
Teach me apps da.
When you come to college.
Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal.
Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD.
Talk to g and x about that.
Takin a shower now but yeah I'll leave when I'm done.
Take us out shopping and Mark will distract Isaiah.
Take something for pain.
If it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor.
Take some small dose tablet for fever.
TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn.